
   
   
      
         
            It's the Empty Materialism, Stupid

            In bad times, "outsider" candidates run against the economic status quo. In
 good times, it seems they strain to do exactly the same thing. Probably the
 most distinct theme to emerge thus far among the leading challengers to
 quasi-incumbent Al Gore in the 2000 presidential race is that the material
 wealth of America in the 1990s has brought with it a sense of spiritual
 discontent.

            The official slogan of the George W. Bush campaign is "Prosperity With a
 Purpose," which W. explains by pointing out that "prosperity alone is simple
 materialism." In his "armies of compassion" address in Indianapolis, he
 elaborated a bit more. "The invisible hand works many miracles," Bush said.
 "But it cannot touch the human heart."

            Bill Bradley has been saying essentially the same thing. On "Meet the Press"
 Sunday, Tim Russert asked Bradley to identify the biggest problem confronting
 American society in the next century. Bradley cited two issues: race and the
 lack of meaning. "There is something that's going on in the country that is
 widely felt, and that is people searching for some meaning in their life that
 is deeper than the material," he said. "I think that that is a profound
 reaction to the materialism of our time and to the hollowness of life if you're
 only interested in material things."

            It's hard to disagree with such sentiments, but it's even harder to
 understand why Bush and Bradley are turning them into focuses of their
 campaigns. Don't they remember Jimmy Carter's malaise speech? Don't they
 remember Hillary Clinton's "politics of meaning" fiasco? Americans tend to be
 allergic to politicians' dabbling in vague spiritual criticism, and for good
 reason. We're electing someone to run the government, not minister to the
 condition of our souls.

            You also have to wonder just whose feelings these guys are trying to voice.
 Even in flush times like these, it's hard to imagine that a large segment of
 the electorate feels burdened by the spiritual side effects of excessive
 wealth.
