
   
   
      
         
            The Day Ganja Defeated Wiener Schnitzel
            

            Dear Chris,

            I want to close this quite enjoyable week with a plea for clemency. Let's
 forgive Miller on two points.

            One is his valuation of rock's lesser-known collaborators (Glenn Matlock,
 John Cale, etc.). At this point, these come mostly as correctives to what's
 been drummed into our heads by countless bios and Time-Life specials.
 Flowers in the Dustbin is idiosyncratic enough that it's hard to imagine
 someone taking it as a definitive text on rock history--believing that Lou Reed
 was a Warhol puppet or that Johnny Rotten's rheumy dynamism was simply a
 product of the Situationists. (And yes, the latter perspective does owe more
 than a little to Savage's England's Dreaming . This must have been said
 before, but if someone named Jon Savage wasn't born to write about the Sex
 Pistols, I don't know who was.)

            I've also come to appreciate the subtlety of Miller's critique a bit more
 over the past few days. While doing his best to expose the men behind the
 curtain--Ertegun, Warhol, McLaren--Miller rarely falls into the pat stance of
 so many social-crit rock writers who, unable to trust their ears, rely upon
 unspoken formulations like Commercial = Sucks and judge all music accordingly.
 Miller actually tries to address the nuances that make a music succeed or fail,
 which is pretty uncommon in his milieu. He recognizes that even prefab,
 target-marketed music can have life-changing effects on people.

            As far as the reggae chapter, I'm not sure how much slack to cut him. Is the
 inclusion of reggae a worthy redress of a common rock-historical oversight, or
 is it a cursory attempt to include still another music that discerning
 white college-educated guys tend to have in their record collections?

            I think you're right that Miller includes Jamaica--as befits his mode of
 intellectual genealogy--mostly to represent rock's effect on the world and
 vice-versa.
