
   
   
      
         
            Fade in Japan

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times each lead with the onset today of the House Judiciary Committee's
 debate about whether to initiate an impeachment investigation against President
 Clinton. The New York Times
 plays that story as its off-lead and goes instead with word of a private
 meeting over the weekend in Washington at which Japan's top financial officials
 told Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin and Fed chairman Alan Greenspan
 that their country's banks are in far worse trouble than has ever been publicly
 admitted.

            The coverage makes it clear that the Judiciary committee's discussions will
 be highly partisan, but also that due to the committee's Republican
 majority--USAT reminds that the committee count is 21 Rs and 16 Ds, and that
 with the exception of California Rep. Mary Bono, all the Rs are white,
 Christian, conservative men--in just a few days the entire House will be voting
 on whether or not to authorize the committee to start an impeachment inquiry.
 There is more of a question about how many crossover votes this will get in the
 full House. The NYT implies that in a floor vote, Democrats from
 conservative or swing districts might cross over. The WP quotes a Sunday
 chat show prediction by a leading Republican congressman that as many as 100
 might do so. All the papers report that the consensus is that despite all this,
 there aren't sufficient impeachment votes in the Senate.

            The NYT and USAT note Judiciary chairman Henry Hyde's Sunday
 talk show comment that the committee's majority counsel, David Schippers, may
 well recommend that some of Ken Starr's charges be dropped while adding some
 others. The NYT says the additions might include lying under oath and
 concealment of a felony. Last Saturday, the WP , citing an informed
 source, reported that there would be new charges of witness tampering,
 obstruction of justice, and making false statements under oath, but today's
 WP only mentions the latter new charge.
