
   
   
      
         
            Don't Fire Till You See the Whites of Their Izods

            Everybody leads with the House Judiciary vote to propose to the full House
 an impeachment inquiry targeting President Clinton. The headlines at the
 Washington Post and the New York Times
 mention that the vote to do so was along strict party lines (Republicans voting
 yes, Democrats voting no), while USA Today and the Los Angeles
 Times relegate this news to the small print.

            The WP says the proceedings were a "sober" debate, weighted by "the
 gravity of the moment." The LAT sees a "heated session," but one that
 was "filled with history lessons" and at times resembled a "law school
 tutorial." USAT notes much "partisan quarreling," while the NYT
 sees a debate that ranged "from sober constitutional discourse to bitter
 partisan scrapping."

            As had been tipped in earlier press accounts, the papers report that the
 majority counsel David Schippers outlined 15 possible grounds for impeachment,
 which augmented Ken Starr's list with new charges of conspiracy to obstruct
 justice and concealing knowledge of false testimony, replaced talk of perjury
 with talk of making false statements, and dropped talk of abuse of power. And
 minority counsel Abbe Lowell described all this as a "laundry list" falling far
 short of the standards for impeachment. According to the papers, the ensuing
 discussion by committee members sometimes grasped for the imprimatur of
 Watergate. The NYT and LAT note that Rep. Bob Barr used John
 Dean's hallowed "cancer on the Presidency" line to describe Bill Clinton's
 behavior. (But several papers also quote Rep. Lindsey Graham's question: "Is
 this Watergate or Peyton Place?") The WP points out that the resolution
 passed yesterday was almost word-for-word identical to the one that launched
 the Nixon impeachment inquiry in 1974. By the way, it's USAT that makes
 it clear that this unrestricted resolution means any subsequent impeachment
 inquiry might include an investigation of Clinton's 1996 campaign
 fund-raising.
