
   
   
      
         
            Stations of the Cross Examination

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with Secretary of Defense William Cohen's statement
 yesterday that U.S. ground troops may have to be part of any NATO peacekeeping
 effort in Kosovo, a story that also makes the Washington Post and New York Times
 fronts. The WP and NYT leads go with efforts by the White House
 and the Democratic congressional leadership to keep House Democrats from
 supporting the Republican impeachment resolution when it comes to a floor vote
 on Thursday. Both papers report that Bill Clinton has himself made calls to key
 members of Congress as part of this effort, and that Al Gore is also taking an
 active role. USA Today leads with the budget talks beginning today
 between top White House aides and the congressional Republican leadership.
 Object: avoiding a government shutdown. According to the paper, bones of
 contention include: additional funding for the IMF, whether or not to authorize
 population sampling for the 2000 Census, and emergency farm aid.

            Cohen's comments at a Senate hearing constitute, explains the LAT , a
 shift for the Clinton administration, which till now has not publicly discussed
 possible U.S. roles in any NATO deployment to Kosovo. The NYT makes the
 shift seem bigger than the other papers because it emphasizes Cohen's expressed
 personal recommendation that U.S. ground troops not be sent, an option other
 senior officials in the administration have been leaving open, while the
 LAT and WP stress that he didn't flatly rule this out.

            The papers make it clear that the response of some of the senators suggests
 that the task of selling a ground deployment to the Hill may be "formidable."
 Several senators, report the LAT , WP and NYT , drew the
 comparison with the U.S. troop presence in Bosnia--at first said by the Clinton
 administration to be only a remote possibility, but still in place three years
 after the cessation of fighting there.
