
   
   
      
         
            Big Wheel Keep on Turnin'

            Margin-to-margin headlines at all major papers announce that the House has
 voted to begin an impeachment inquiry, the third such vote in the country's
 history. The vote split along party lines, with only 31 Democrats supporting
 hearings. The inquiry has no deadline and has authority to investigate
 non-Lewinsky matters. It will not begin until Congress reconvenes after the
 Nov. 3 elections.

            All the majors acknowledge that the outcome was largely expected. Still,
 opening an impeachment inquiry has "deepened the crisis shrouding" Clinton,
 says the New York
 Times --a choice of words certain to send a chill down the First Spine.
 No matter the outcome, the inquiry "permanently scars the Clinton presidency"
 adds the Washington
 Post . The papers also say Nov. 3 elections will have a profound effect
 on impeachment hearings. A big Democratic loss will 1) erode Clinton's support
 among his own party and 2) make it possible for Republican senators to remove
 him without any Democratic defectors.

            Clinton reacted gracefully to the news--"detached, even serene" according to
 the WP --saying "It is not in my hands.... There is nothing I can do."
 Maybe Clinton and his aides are happy because, as the WP suggests, the
 vote means the next four weeks at least will be peaceful. Maybe it's because,
 as the Los Angeles
 Times , WP , and NYT report, a party-line vote means
 Clinton can call the investigation a partisan witch-hunt.

            The WP runs a nice front-page primer on the House. Considered the
 Constitution's most important creation by the Founding Fathers, it gets little
 relatively respect from contemporary politicians and journalists. In other
 news: The Wall Street Journal reports a third of Representatives were
 present at the end of the three hour House debate, the NYT reports a
 quarter were present for the bulk of it.

            
               USA Today , the
 NYT , and the LAT have front page stories on the stock market,
 which fell 250 points then recovered late in the day.
