
   
   
      
         
            Netanyahu's Right-Hand Man?

            The New
 York Times leads with the Senate's narrow rejection of a patients'
 rights bill. The Washington Post leads with Congress's self-approved
 extension of the budget deadline. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with the problems associated with the last few days' sudden
 leap in mortgage rates.

            The NYT lead, also fronted by the WP , says that the Senate
 voted 50-47 to quash a health care bill backed by the Democrats. The bill would
 have guaranteed access to emergency care and medical specialists and made it
 easier to sue HMOs for improper denial of care. In the lead paragraph, the
 NYT states the causes of the bill's demise: "heavy lobbying by the
 insurance industry and of the sex scandal that has enveloped President
 Clinton." (Explanation: distraction. Clinton has been too bogged down in
 scandal to lobby hard for the bill.)

            But the national budget may meet a happier fate. With the unanimous 421-0
 passage of a temporary spending bill, the government now has until midnight
 Monday to come up with a budget package. (Today's Papers, incidentally,
 approves the concept of voting oneself deadline extensions.) But even the new
 deadline may not be enough time for Congress to resolve all remaining issues.
 Among the sticklers: President Clinton's education initiatives; IMF funding;
 the use of statistical sampling in the upcoming census; and even whether giving
 contraceptives to minors requires parental notification. Only six of 13
 spending bills were completed yesterday, and all unfinished measures will
 probably be glopped together into one mammoth spending bill.

            The LAT lead attributes the mortgage rate rise--in some cases
 amounting to half a percentage point--to the stuttering global economy. Called
 the most dramatic mortage rate development since the October 1987 stock market
 crash, the rise is forcing consumers across the country to pay more than they
 anticipated, or to make last-minute changes of plan.
