
   
   
      
         
            Cave Mandela

            After a week of much news uniformity, lead diversity makes a typical Sunday
 appearance. The Los Angeles Times lead furthers the emerging picture of
 connections between Kenneth Starr's office and the Paula Jones defense team
 with details on Linda Tripp's interactions with the two camps in the early days
 of the Lewinsky scandal. The Washington Post goes with the effects of Thursday's
 impeachment-related vote on the midterm election campaigns. The New York
 Times lead apparently goes as far as it can get from the presidential
 scandal--with word that the major oil companies are probably not going to build
 a pipeline for Caspian Sea oil along a route that was pushed hard by the
 Clinton administration. (Pushed because it would pass only through the
 relatively friendly countries of Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey--binding them
 further to the West--instead of passing through Russia or Iran.) The paper says
 the oil companies have probably decided the U.S.-backed route is too expensive
 to build now. Actually, according to the Times the decision does have a scandal
 angle: the paper quotes one senator saying that Clinton lost the power of moral
 persuasion with the oil companies because of the scandals surrounding him.

            The LAT lead reveals that contrary to standard practice, Kenneth Starr's
 prosecutors did not instruct their chief witness Linda Tripp not to talk to the
 Jones attorneys. Since it is now known that Tripp gave the Jones lawyers much
 of the information about Lewinsky they used to elicit Clinton's problematic
 statements during his deposition, the LAT wonders: "Did Starr help to pave the
 way for Clinton to commit the alleged perjury that his prosecutors then
 proceeded to investigate?" The paper quotes the Starr office's response: "We
 had no reason to know and did not know [Tripp] was talking to the Jones
 lawyers."

            The WP front also features a story about the Tripp-Starr-Jones nexus, but
 where the LAT focuses on how Tripp helped Jones, the Post says she abandoned
 Jones to help Starr.
