
   
   
      
         
            State Bars None

            None of the papers share the same lead. USA Today
 goes with the imminence of NATO airstrikes against Slobodan Milosevic's forces
 in Kosovo, a story everybody else runs inside. The New York Times
 goes with the opening on Tuesday of the FBI's national DNA database, which is
 also on the USAT front. And the Los Angeles
 Times lead is the National Institutes of Health's plans to dramatically
 shorten the government approval process for drugs, which could mean much faster
 access to new medicines, a story on nobody else's front. The Washington Post lead is the paper's latest poll results
 indicating that in the wake of last week's vote to start an impeachment
 investigation, public support for the Republican-held Congress and Republican
 congressional candidates has dropped considerably, most of all among likely
 voters and independents. The poll also indicates that support for Democratic
 congressional candidates is up. The poll also finds that Clinton, now with a 67
 percent approval rating, is currently more popular than before last week's
 vote. The WP says the numbers offer hope to Democrats of avoiding
 Clinton's impeachment in favor of some lesser punishment.

            
               USAT reports that NATO officials are scheduled to meet today in
 Brussels to approve an order that gives allied military commanders the
 authority to order airstrikes against Serbian forces. This means apparently,
 that air strikes could come as early as today. Meanwhile, says the paper, in a
 last-ditch attempt to avert bombing, U.S. envoy Richard Holbrooke is still
 holding talks with Milosevic. The U.N. demands Holbrooke is pressing, says
 USAT , include the withdrawal of Milosevic's forces and allowing
 humanitarian aid into Kosovo. One issue making the talks sticky, says the
 Wall Street Journal , is how to keep the Albanian
 separatists from taking advantage of any NATO show of force.

            The despair of the Albanian civilians Milosevic's troops have targeted is
 everywhere in USAT 's on-the-ground front section "cover story.
