
   
   
      
         
            Why Johnny Can't Need

            
               USA
 Today , the Los Angeles Times and the New York Times
 lead with Slobodan Milosevic's promise to withdraw his forces from Kosovo in
 the face of threatened NATO airstrikes. The Washington Post lead covers Congress' latest moves in its
 attempts to arrive at a budget, stressing the tentative approval by key House
 and Senate Republicans of President Clinton's requested $18 billion for the
 IMF. The death of the gay student who was kidnapped and beaten in Wyoming grabs
 front space at the NYT , LAT , and USAT , and is the subject
 of the NYT 's lead editorial, which points out that Wyoming, like nine
 other states, has no hate-crime laws.

            The papers report that even though Milosevic agreed to back out of Kosovo,
 NATO yesterday authorized airstrikes against him that could begin in four days
 if he doesn't actually do that. They also report that in the meantime, about
 2,000 airborne and ground-based allied inspectors--including some American
 civilians and, say the LAT and NYT , some Russians--will verify
 that Milosevic's Serbian troops have indeed pulled back, allowing Albanians to
 return to their homes. If this doesn't happen, the NATO air plan to be
 implemented would begin with cruise missiles and progress to a full bombing
 campaign. The LAT says that each stage of the plan could be flown only
 after being approved by NATO's ambassadors (something the NYT says is
 not clear) and that only military facilities would be targeted. The NYT
 account stresses more than the others the resistance of the Russians to the
 airstrike plan.

            The WP reports that House Republicans have extracted something in
 return for infusion of fresh U.S. billions into IMF coffers: 1) a promise by
 major IMF contributors to push the agency to require above-market rates and
 reasonably short repayment periods for its loans (to lessen high-risk borrowing
 in aided countries); 2) a requirement that the IMF release written summaries of
 its board meetings and other major documents within three months.
