
   
   
      
         
            Bill Tuesday

            The New York Times
 and the Los Angeles Times lead with NATO's decision to extend the
 deadline for the Yugoslavian army's withdrawal from Kosovo. The Washington Post leads with news that Congress has postponed
 voting on the new spending bill until early next week.

            The NYT and LAT leads (and the WP off-lead) all report
 that Milosevic's forces now have until October 27 to complete a limited
 withdrawal from Kosovo. The NYT reports that even if NATO's demands are
 met, some 12,000 Yugoslav troops will remain in the province and that the delay
 might hamper future air and missile strikes against Yugoslav troops due to the
 influx of observers and humanitarian workers. The NYT also reports that
 Milosevic's agreement to allow U2 spy planes to monitor troop activity-regarded
 as a major concession to NATO-also entails NATO giving the Yugoslav army a
 weekly schedule of reconnaissance flights.

            The Post lead, which makes the front at the NYT , says that
 although the major budgetary issues have been agreed upon, some smaller
 negotiations, combined with the sheer enormity of the $500 billion spending
 bill, have delayed a House of Representatives vote. The WP reports that
 the vote has been rescheduled for Tuesday at 5 p.m., with the Senate voting
 immediately afterwards if the bill is passed. The NYT says that
 wrangling over controversial peanut-free zones on commercial airlines, an issue
 of special concern to Georgia's Newt Gingrich, was one of several factors that
 delayed the vote.

            All three weekend papers feature front page stories on the awarding of the
 Nobel Peace Prize to the leaders of Northern Ireland's two main political
 parties (read: Catholic and Protestant) for their efforts to end sectarian
 violence in the British province. The committee did not name Sinn Fein leader
 Gerry Adams or mediator extraordinaire George Mitchell-both of whom President
 Clinton cited as worthy of the prize-as co-winners.
