
   
   
      
         
            Blodget's Internet-Stock Me-Too-ism
            

            If you want to know why so many people come to stock picking with a
 trader's, rather than an investor's, mentality, one reason is that Wall Street
 analysts so often seem governed by the very same mentality. Take this week's
 raft of upgrades and bullish comments on some Internet bellwethers by analysts
 at firms ranging from Merrill Lynch to Paine Webber. The bullishness was framed
 in terms of the long-range potential of these companies. But the fact that the
 comments came out this week, after these stocks had already rallied strongly
 from their recent lows, was telling. Instead of making a real contrarian call,
 telling their clients that these stocks were excellent buys no matter what the
 market was saying in the short-term, the analysts were just bandwagoning.

            Merrill's Henry Blodget, for instance, issued a report Wednesday in which he
 raised his rating on Amazon.com and Yahoo to "near-term buy" from "accumulate,"
 and added that he also expected six other Net companies--AOL,
 Barnesandnoble.com, Excite@Home, eToys, Inktomi, and Lycos--to do well in
 upcoming quarters. Now, set aside the complete foolishness of distinguishing
 between "near-term buy" and "accumulate" (how, again, am I supposed to
 accumulate shares if I don't buy them? and does near-term buy mean that these
 stocks are a long-term sell? or perhaps just a long-term accumulate?). What was
 really interesting was the reasoning behind Blodget's call.

            "We believe [the stocks] offer a sound way to play the fundamental strength
 and renewed investor enthusiasm we expect to see during the fall and holiday
 shopping season," he wrote, arguing in essence that places like Amazon and
 eToys could expect to see booming business at Christmas, while portals like
 Yahoo would reap the benefits of all the new online shoppers, most of whom
 would pass through a portal to get to the e-commerce sites.

            This is plausible enough.
