
   
   
      
         
            Augusto Seizure

            The Washington Post lead and the Los Angeles
 Times top non-local story report Britain's arrest of former Chilean
 dictator Augusto Pinochet. The New York Times
 leads with Republicans' waning hopes that Flytrap will mean big gains for the
 GOP on Election Day.

            The NYT lead says that strategists sense a pre-scandal atmosphere as
 elections draw near. Republican hopes of gaining more than a dozen House seats
 and the magic number 60 in the Senate are slim. Democrats may even go on the
 offensive-Democratic campaigns are waiting anxiously on poll results for a
 Washington State candidate whose commercial attacks his opponent's
 participation in the impeachment proceedings.

            The WP lead story, which makes the fronts at all three weekend
 papers, reports that British officials arrested a convalescing Pinochet
 yesterday in a London hospital and will extradite him to Spain. The NYT
 says that although Chile has called for the release of the 82 year-old former
 military strong man (and permanent Chilean Senator) on grounds of diplomatic
 immunity, Spain and Britain have "shrugged off the protests." Pinochet has been
 accused, among other things, of atrocities against Spanish citizens in Chile.
 The NYT also notes the impending legal struggle's implications for
 future attempts at international prosecution of human rights violators.

            A NYT Week in Review article examines the legitimacy of McCarthyism
 in light of information recently recovered from Soviet records. Sensitive
 documents dealing with American foreign policy and the Manhattan Project were
 given to the Soviets and may have accelerated the development of a Soviet
 nuclear bomb by several years. One historian hypothesizes that if FDR had died
 during his third term, two likely Soviet agents would have been front runners
 for Secretary of State and Treasury Secretary.

            A Post Outlook piece says that the British agree: the United Kingdom
 will not exist in 20 to 30 years.
