
   
   
      
         
            Who Do You Anti-Trust?

            Like yesterday, Palestine vs. Israel and DOJ vs. Microsoft dominate. The
 former leads at the Washington Post , New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times , while USA Today goes with the latter. (The MS story is
 fronted everywhere, except the LAT , which saves it for the business
 section.) The Bill Clinton-hosted Mideast peace talks, already not going well,
 were sent into an even deeper freeze early Monday by a grenade attack on
 Israelis in Beersheba.

            The papers report that so intent is Clinton on salvaging the talks that he
 canceled a scheduled Monday fund-raising trip to California to stay personally
 involved at the rural Maryland site of the talks. And indeed, in the course of
 the day, he presided at a three-way meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu and Yasser
 Arafat--their first time in the same room since Friday. Other heads of state
 are also trying to keep the sides talking--the NYT , WP , and
 LAT report that King Hussein of Jordan has flown to a house he owns in
 Maryland and was standing by to help, and the NYT says Hosni Mubarak of
 Egypt has been in contact with both sides. But apparently the principals are
 still flunking chemistry. The Times quotes an un-named American official
 saying that the two sides do not deal seriously with each other without an American in the room, and another saying that it pretty
 much takes Clinton's presence to get talks going.

            The Israeli leadership at the conference reacted to the grenade attack by
 insisting that it would only discuss security issues with the Palestinians, a
 stance the NYT calls a "dramatic negotiating ploy," probably not the
 most apt phrase, since there's little doubt that the Israeli concern about
 safety from terrorism is heartfelt. But both the NYT and LAT
 report that later on Monday, other issues were actually discussed--the
 NYT doesn't say what though, and the LAT refers only vaguely to
 the topic of further redeployments of Israeli troops.
