
   
   
      
         
            The House Budges

            The House's passage Tuesday night of the $500 billion federal spending bill
 leads at USAT ,
 the LAT and the WP . The papers report that the Senate is expected to
 approve the bill today. The NYT leads with the continuing Mideast talks, stashing the
 budget story inside. The Times says the participation by Jordan's King
 Hussein appears to have created some optimism. The paper also reports two
 sticking points: 1) the Israelis want to put a specific number of
 Palestinians-including some Palestinian Authority cops-on trial for terrorist
 attacks against Israelis, and 2) the Palestinians are insisting that safe
 passage rights for their people between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip extend
 to making the trip in private cars, not just mass transportation. All the
 majors' fronts except the LAT 's report Day 2 of the Microsoft trial, at
 which the company's lawyer made his opening statement, comparing the government
 to 19th century Luddites going around smashing machines with sledgehammers.

            The papers all note what a kludge the budget process has become. For
 instance, the NYT points out that the House bill incorporates numerous
 policy decisions that Congress never debated. And they all tick off examples of
 its extremities. The LAT , for example, reports that it includes
 legislation to carry out the Chemical Weapons Convention (previously passed by
 the Senate, but not implemented) as well as a measure to keep the world safe
 for airborne peanuts. Ritually, everybody but USAT mentions some of the
 bill's physical dimensions--the WP gives the most stats of this sort:
 weight=40 pounds, height=16 inches, and the number of pages=3,825. This sort of
 thing reeks of press-released pre-packaged "color"-space-consuming and
 boring.

            All the papers mention that Newt Gingrich dismissed critics of the bill as
 perfectionists. But USAT never explains that it was the G.O.P.'s
 hard-core conservatives who were complaining.
