
   
   
      
         
            Excess Baggage

            The blow-by-blow of the Mideast peace talks continues to dominate, leading
 at USA
 Today , the New York Times ,
 and the Washington Post . This is also the top international news
 story at the Los Angeles Times , which leads instead with word that
 bilingual education continues to thrive in California's public schools despite
 passage this year of a statewide initiative substantially restricting it.

            The big peace talk development yesterday, the papers report, is that
 Benjamin Netanyahu warned Yasser Arafat that he would take his delegation home
 if his country's West Bank security demands were not met. The most pressing
 demands appear to be for the Palestinians to repeal the PLO charter's provision
 calling for the destruction of Israel, and to turn over to the Israelis a
 number of suspected terrorists. The NYT , WP , and LAT
 report that things had unwound so much that the Israel delegation had packed
 their bags and some of their luggage was transferred to the airport.

            It's not clear from the coverage why the Israelis didn't make good on their
 threat. The NYT quotes an American official saying it was just the
 Israelis' "childish ploy," intended for domestic Israeli consumption. The
 LAT notes that both settlers and the right wing of Netanyahu's own party
 are warning him not to roll over. The WP cites this factor and adds
 another: Netanyahu, who is inclined toward GOP sentiments, knows how much a
 breakthrough before the congressional elections would mean to Bill Clinton, and
 hence wants to deny him this success. This American political angle is very
 prominent in the WP reporting, which says flatly that Clinton wants a
 deal far more than the participants he's hosting do. At one point, the
 LAT makes a bathetic and rather yuppyish reference to Clinton's role,
 saying that thus far, he has "invested more than 55 hours" in the summit talks.
 Do you think the papers ever wrote about Ralph Bunche or Dag Hammarskold as if
 they billed by the hour?
