
   
   
      
         
            Tapes' Last Crap

            The big stories are about the promise of good things, foreign and domestic.
 The WP, LAT, and NYT lead with a Mideast peace deal apparently almost in sight.
 USAT fronts that but leads with hints from top Federal Reserve officials that
 the Fed is likely to cut interest rates again next month. The paper quotes the
 Fed's vice-chairman and three other Federales to the effect that the central
 bank is intent on keeping credit loose enough to prevent a slowdown in the U.S.
 economy. The WSJ flags the Fed scenario in its front-page news box.

            The WP , NYT and LAT report that starting yesterday
 afternoon, Benjamin Netanyahu and Yasser Arafat entered into intense one-on-one
 bargaining. Everybody writes that the U.S.-backed land-for-peace deal has been
 basically accepted. The papers also say the two parties have arrived at
 compromises regarding the Palestinian National Covenant (which currently calls
 for the destruction of Israel), the arrest of suspects wanted in Israel and the
 release of Palestinians from Israeli jails, but that the issue of whether or
 not Arafat might declare the territory he administers an independent state
 still remained a sore point. The papers report that the discussions are being
 conducted under the rule that no agreed-to provisions would be final until an
 overall agreement is reached.

            The NYT and LAT have the most physical details about what went
 on behind closed doors, right down to seating arrangements. The two papers
 report that last night, President Clinton, who had been at the summit all day
 (accompanied, notes the LAT , by Buddy) invited King Hussein of Jordan to
 join the talks and that once there, the king delivered an impassioned speech
 calling on Netanyahu and Arafat to press for peace. The papers report that the
 deal being worked out involves a finishing-touches meeting a few months from
 now, probably in the Palestinian-governed Gaza Strip, with Clinton in
 attendance.
