
   
   
      
         
            NetanYahoo!

            The Middle East peace deal, signed yesterday after nine days of intense
 negotiations, sprawls across all front pages--the Washington Post , the New York Times , and the Los Angeles
 Times . The papers' tone is cautiously optimistic: They concur that the
 agreement--in which Israel cedes more West Bank land to the Palestinians and
 gets promises of increased security--essentially retraces the 1993 and 1995
 Oslo accords. Nonetheless it lays groundwork, both personal and substantive,
 for further talks.

            The deal was almost derailed at sunrise yesterday, when Israeli Prime
 Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened not to sign the accord unless the U.S.
 released Jonathon Pollard, a well-known spy for Israel. After several more
 hours of haggling, Netanyahu finally agreed to sign the accord, while President
 Clinton's reported refusal to free Pollard receded to a public announcement
 that he would "review this matter seriously." (Meanwhile, Israeli TV and radio
 stations had already trumpeted Pollard's impending freedom. This infuriated
 U.S. officials who, according to the WP , described Netanyahu in
 "unprintable terms.")

            Under the agreement, Israelis will cede an additional 13 percent of West
 Bank land to the Palestinians and will release 750 Palestinian prisoners. The
 Palestinians, meanwhile, will take concrete measures to combat terrorism: They
 will expunge anti-Israel clauses from their charter, jail 30 Palestinians
 wanted in Israel for terrorism, and crack down on illegal weaponry. In an
 unusual twist (which has rattled some U.S. observers), the CIA will monitor the
 implementation of these provisions.

            The agreement sidesteps the most prickly points of contention, including the
 status of Jerusalem, border issues, and the fate of Palestinian refugees.
 Nonetheless, it represents a bold political shift for Netanyahu in particular,
 whose campaign platform opposed the Oslo accords.

            The "people" dimension of the agreement almost overshadows its substance.
