
   
   
      
         
            Outlook Bats .00

            The New York Times ' lead says that the U.S. will provide
 several billion dollars of aid to Brazil, as part of a $30 billion
 international package to help stave off financial turmoil there. The Washington Post 's lead covers a local election race; the
 off-lead describes the international reach of American pop culture. The
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with a new poll showing Democrat Gray Davis handily
 leading Republican Dan Lungren (53 to 42%) in the California gubernatorial
 race. The LAT 's top national story (fronted all around) is Friday's
 killing of a prominent abortion doctor in upstate New York. The doctor, Barnett
 Slepian, was shot in his home Friday night by a sniper who was lurking in the
 bushes. Over the last four years years, four other abortion doctors have been
 wounded in the region, and just days ago authorities had warned of possible new
 attacks.

            The NYT lead says that details of the U.S. aid to Brazil are still
 being hammered out, and that the U.S. aid package itself has not yet been
 publicly announced. President Clinton may approve the package during Congress's
 recess, but since lawmakers are concerned about Brazil's financial straits they
 are unlikely to pose major objections. Nonetheless, the administration is
 approaching the issue warily, recalling the Congressional storm over a 1995
 commitment of $20 billion to bail out Mexico. The bulk of the international
 loan to Brazil will come from the International Monetary Fund ($15 billion
 plus), and the World Bank and Inter-American Development Bank ($9 billion
 together).

            Money is not America's only gift to Brazil, as the WP 's lengthy lead
 reminds us. The Post tracks Madonna to Sao Paulo, Bart Simpson to Seoul,
 and the word "cool" to every spot on the planet. The article meanders into a
 debate over whether the near-universal English language helps fuel the overseas
 success of American pop culture (or vice versa--do people learn English from
 American movies?).
