
   
   
      
         
            Taking Stock in America

            The top story at USAT, the NYT and the WP is Benjamin Netanyahu's home-front
 political battles arising from his just-signed peace deal with Yasser Arafat.
 This is also played above the fold at the LAT, which leads with the paper's own
 study revealing that despite being the most populous state, California stands
 31st in per capita share of federal education spending.

            The papers report that as soon as his plane landed in Israel, Netanyahu
 began vigorously defending the Wye deal with Arafat. According to the coverage,
 he portrayed the agreement as his success at getting the very best possible out
 of the land-for-security Oslo peace process he inherited from his Labor
 predecessors. Everybody quotes him saying, "We have closed the holes of the
 Swiss cheese created by Oslo." The NYT quotes his direct pitch to
 militant Israeli settlers: "You are us and we are you. We love you."
 Koo-koo-ka-choob.

            The NYT and WP say Netanyahu could face a no-confidence vote
 this week, while the LAT doesn't give a time frame, and USAT says
 it's today. In view of the no-confidence threat, the WP notes the oddity
 of Netanyahu's Labor slam, since it's the doves who may save his government,
 with conservative settlers expressing great disaffection. All this political
 intrigue, even though, as the papers report, about three-quarters of all
 Israelis approve of the accord.

            The NYT and LAT include in their lead stories reporting on
 unrest among the Palestinians as well. The two papers note that violent clashes
 broke out in the Palestinian-controlled city of Ramallah, resulting in the
 death of one Fatah member, after Palestinian security forces, pursuant to the
 new agreement, raided the Fatah headquarters there, confiscating documents and
 weapons and making five arrests." The NYT notes that Palestinian
 lawmaker Hanan Ashrawi was a witness to the death, but the WP quotes her
 only on the general political situation and doesn't seem to know about
 this.
