
   
   
      
         
            No Flights of Fancy

            
               USA
 Today and the New York
 Times lead with NATO's decision, in response to Slobodan Milosevic's
 apparent stand-down in Kosovo province, to lift the immediate threat of
 airstrikes against Yugoslavia. The Washington Post goes with what it calls "the first sign of
 trouble" with the just-brokered Middle East peace accord--Benjamin Netanyahu's
 postponement of his cabinet's vote on it, citing doubts about Palestinian
 compliance. (This story is the NYT 's off-lead.) The Los Angeles
 Times lead is a sharp slide in a leading measure of American consumer
 confidence, a story also flagged on the Wall Street Journal 's front-page news box.

            The papers report that NATO emphasized it would not hesitate to take
 military action if Yugoslavia violated the commitments it recently made to
 peaceful behavior in Kosovo. The NYT explains that Yugoslavian
 activities will be monitored by a multinational aerial reconnaissance effort,
 including American U-2 spy-planes. USAT , the NYT and the
 WP (in its inside story on Kosovo) mention another element of NATO
 deterrence: the decision to send an unspecified number of troops--possibly
 including U.S. soldiers--to Macedonia. From there, the two papers say, the
 troops could intervene in Kosovo. The LAT , in its front-page Kosovo
 story, doesn't mention this deployment.

            The NYT explains that U.S. officials are very concerned about whether
 Albanian forces will respond to the Yugoslavian pullout by resuming their armed
 insurrection, which is what prompted Milosevic's incursion in the first place.
 The paper reveals that the U.S. recently held extensive talks with the rebels, urging them not to attack Serbs
 in the region. The NYT also points out the Kosovo agreement allows
 Milosevic to fight back if his forces are attacked. With on-the-ground
 reportage and interviews, the LAT stresses the militant attitude of the
 Serbs remaining in Kosovo.
