
   
   
      
         
            Watch This Space

            It's almost a clean sweep of the papers for John Glenn--his last Tang go
 leads at USA
 Today , the New York Times ,
 and the Washington Post . USAT 's front page is All Glenn All
 the Time and includes a huge spectacular blast-off photo. The Los Angeles
 Times gives almost half of its front page to Glenn, but leads with the
 death of L.A. County Sheriff Sherman Block (the nation's highest paid elected
 official) from a brain hemorrhage in the midst of a re-election campaign where
 the main issue was whether he was in good health. Only time will tell if the
 LAT 's reporting was insufficiently aggressive when, earlier in the week
 after Block underwent emergency brain surgery, it ran a headline saying that
 Block's "survival is expected."

            The papers see the Glenn launch, viewed by hundreds of thousands of
 spectators and carried live on just about every television station, as a magic
 unifying moment for the whole country. "Captivated Nation Cheers" is how a
 USAT headline puts it. The Wall Street Journal reports that 71 percent of voters hold
 a favorable view of Glenn. And both the WP and the NYT note that
 the euphoria all but smothered criticisms that Glenn's presence was merely a
 publicity stunt. True, in a separate story, the Post does note that the
 mission has marketing tie-ins (for which Glenn refused compensation)
 with Kodak and with Mattel's "John Glenn Action Pack"--toy figures of the
 astronaut cum senator cum astronaut. And the NYT follows up yesterday's
 curmudgeonly editorial describing the mission as "a testament more to past
 eminence than present value" with today's "Editorial Observer" saying that even Glenn's original blast-off
 wasn't that important. But otherwise, the NYT is pretty much in step,
 running no fewer than six Glenn stories inside. Remarkably, even when
 discussing the potentially dangerous loss during the launch of a protective
 metal panel, there is no mention in any of the Glenn leads of the space
 program's last "special" astronaut, Christa McAuliffe.
