
   
   
      
         
            Economy Not Spooked

            All papers--the New York Times , the Los Angeles
 Times , and the Washington Post --lead with the U.S. economy's surprisingly
 strong third-quarter growth rate in the face of the world financial crisis. As
 measured in July-September, the rate was 3.3 percent, up from 1.8% in the
 second quarter (and far exceeding the 2% gain the NYT reports was
 forecast by Wall Street).

            The data, released by the Commerce Department Friday, is treated by all with
 a blend of optimism and caution. While the Dow Jones pulled a John Glenn and
 rocketed up 97 points, most experts predict that the economy will slow next
 year. All papers report that exports fell. The NYT and LAT report
 that consumer spending rose at a 3.9% rate, below the rate for the first six
 months of the year (6.1%, though neither mentions it). Meanwhile, the WP
 goofs by reporting that the consumer spending rose at a 2.6% rate in the third
 quarter, down from 4% in the first six months. Interpretations as well as
 numbers differ. The NYT , which calls the consumer spending numbers "very
 robust," is less discouraged by the declining rate than the WP and
 LAT , which both emphasize that consumer confidence is sliding. Another
 interpretive discrepancy: The analysts consulted by the WP say that the
 Fed will probably still reduce short-term interests rates in November, but the
 LAT and the NYT say that such Fed action is now less likely. Only
 the NYT article points out that the economy's growth supplies the
 Democrats with pre-election pep-rally material.

            In other economic news (fronted by the NYT ; enfolded into the lead
 LAT story), the Group of Seven industrial nations announced their
 support yesterday for President Clinton's plan to provide IMF loans to
 economies vulnerable to Asia's malaise. The G-7 also outlined some new reforms
 for the IMF, such as charging high interest on IMF loans to encourage prompt
 payback.

            Eleven judges from Spain's National Court voted unanimously that Spain has
 the right to bring criminal charges against former Chilean dictator Gen.
