
   
   
      
         
            A Dally With Sally

            The New York Times leads with a sweeping two-days-to-elections
 article, while the Washington Post and the Los Angeles
 Times both go with Iraq's announcement Saturday that it refuses to
 cooperate with U.N. weapons inspectors (the NYT also fronts this
 story).

            The LAT calls Iraq's statement "the boldest move yet to evade
 international disarmament efforts." In protesting Friday's U.N. Security
 Council decision to keep sanctions on Iraq in place, Baghdad plans to end
 cooperation with the 100 plus international arms inspectors and shut down U.N.
 weapons monitoring operations immediately--though some surveillance equipment
 may remain in place. This latest Iraqi intransigence comes on top of Iraq's
 August move to prevent U.N. spot checks. Iraq also wants to oust Richard
 Butler, the head of the U.N. weapons monitoring mission to Iraq. The U.N.
 Security Council immediately convened Saturday to denounce Iraq's move but
 proposed no specific solutions to this latest crisis. (A separate NYT
 "Week in Review" piece describes the debilitating fissures within
 U.S. and international strategies for handling Iraq.)

            The NYT lead concludes that despite the media blitz, "neither party
 appears to have strong momentum" going into Tuesday's elections. The WP
 and LAT front their own election stories--an above-the-fold WP
 piece says that a shift in Congressional power is unlikely, though the
 Republicans may well gain several Senate seats. The LAT focuses on the
 new "cautiousness" of the parties as they struggle to redefine themselves. This
 caution is reflected in the candidates' "modest agendas": The Democrats tend to
 adhere to Social Security, HMO reform, and education, while the Republicans
 seek tax cuts, increased defense spending, and more state control of education
 initiatives.

            Arguing that "justice can take the form of accountability," Harvard Law
 professor Martha Minow (in "Outlook") defends South Africa's Truth and
 Reconciliation Commission, which has been bombarded with criticism since the
 release of its final report last week.
