
   
   
      
         
            Open Gates?

            A gruesome refiguring of the Central American toll for Hurricane Mitch--now
 revised to be upwards of 7,000 deaths--leads at USA Today ,
 the Los
 Angeles Times , and the New York Times .
 The Washington Post leads with the news that the
 Washington D.C. financial control board will re-delegate most of the local
 government's executive powers--stripped from Marion Barry--back to the new
 mayor chosen today. The Post 's top non-local story is that the Supreme
 Court has agreed to review the criminal statute banning a wide range of
 gratuities to public officials. The statute was used to convict Sun-Diamond
 Growers for its largesse towards former Secretary of Agriculture Mike Espy, a
 conviction that was then overturned. At issue is what exactly must the link be
 between a gift and any subsequent act by the official receiving it before it
 constitutes an illegal quid pro quo.

            Hardest hit by Mitch were Honduras and Nicaragua. The papers all quote the
 president of Honduras' on-scene assessment: "There are corpses everywhere." The
 NYT reports that mudslides were a big killer, quoting a Nicaraguan
 rescue worker saying he could do nothing for the people buried in the debris he
 could hear begging for help. The Times says at least five Nicaraguan
 villages were "entombed" by the slides. The LAT reports that 70 percent
 of Honduras' crops were destroyed. The NYT says it's 70 percent of the
 country's entire infrastructure that was wiped out. By yesterday, the
 LAT reports, the region was experiencing food shortages and price
 gouging. USAT says that if the death count is confirmed, Mitch will end
 up as the second deadliest Central American storm ever.

            
               USAT and the LAT front fresh Commerce Dept. data showing that
 in September, Americans spent more money than they earned--$100.20 going out,
 explains the LAT , for every $100 that came in. The papers report that
 this hasn't happened in ages.
