
   
   
      
         
            Not Erection Results

            The elections rule. USA Today slugs the story "Democrats Dash GOP Hopes," and
 its front-page "cover story" says yesterday brought "good news for the man who
 wasn't on the ballot," Bill Clinton. Similarly, the New York Times
 main headline reads in part, "Democrats Hold Off G.O.P. Advance, Weakening
 Impeachment Prospects...." The Los Angeles
 Times headline lavishes its big type on the victory of Democrat Gray
 Davis in the California governor's race, the re-election to the Senate of
 Barbara Boxer and the victory of the initiative permitting Indian-run casinos.
 And the headline over the Washington Post lead credits the Democrats with scoring
 significant upsets-- the Post , like everybody else, stressing the defeat
 of GOP incumbent senators Alfonse D'Amato of New York and Lauch Faircloth of
 North Carolina.

            The papers cite the general satisfaction exiting voters expressed--with
 Clinton, with the economy, and with their own lot in life. And everybody says
 6o percent of voters thought Clinton should not be impeached. The upshot is
 that the Republicans will not achieve a filibuster-proof majority in the
 Senate. Although, as everybody notes, the Republicans do retain control of both
 the House and the Senate.

            The press consensus is that the only real bright spots for the Republicans
 are the victories of the brothers Bush in the Texas and Florida gubernatorial
 races. The LAT says that George W. Bush's re-election instantly makes
 him the Republican presidential front-runner. The NYT 's R.W. Apple says
 both Bushes are to be reckoned serious presidential contenders. And Maureen
 Dowd only seems to be half-joking when she suggests that the brothers form
 a
 Bush-Bush ticket in 2000.

            A front-page Wall Street Journal story details a little-noticed aspect
 of the emerging e-marketplace: large corporations are moving slowly into
 Internet marketing, not really any longer because of misgivings about its
 power, but because it threatens to destroy traditional hands-on sales channels,
 which still constitute about 90 percent of most companies' order flow.
