
   
   
      
         
            Newtered

            Election postmortems lead all around. In the aftermath of the first midterm
 election since 1934 in which the president's party gained House seats, the
 headlines stress Republican disarray. The Los Angeles
 Times top says the Republican party "Takes Stock of Losses." USA Today 's
 header says a "GOP Shake-Up is Possible"--right next to a big picture of a
 befuddled-looking Newt juxtaposed with the caption, "Will Gingrich Survive?"
 The New York Times
 big type says, "GOP in Scramble Over Blame," and the Washington Post sums things up similarly: "Shaken
 Republicans Count Losses, Debate Blame." (Question to the WP 's photo
 editor: Was it really necessary at this very satisfying moment for Bill
 Clinton, to run a picture of him that suggests he's having cramps? Didn't he
 smile at least once yesterday?)

            According to the papers, the single biggest lesson learned from Tuesday's
 vote is, in the words of the Wall Street Journal front-page wash-up, "Impeachment isn't
 a winning agenda." And the problem, at least in the eyes of some of the more
 stalwart movement conservatives quoted in the coverage, was that, on the GOP
 side, there wasn't enough of any other agenda. The WP quotes Gary Bauer
 of the Family Research Council complaining, "We just ran one of the least
 ideological campaigns we've run in years...." and a similar complaint from
 Randy Tate, executive director of the Christian Coalition. But the NYT
 points out the dilemma the Republicans face if they respond by simply
 ideologically souping up, with this quote from a conservative Florida
 congressman: "We've got to reach out and have more than Southern white males
 running the Washington Republican Party."

            The NYT and WP pass along a classic non-concession concession from Newt Gingrich. The
 Times version: "I mean, I totally underestimated the degree to which
 people would just get sick of 24-hour-a-day talk television and talk radio and
 then the degree to which this whole scandal became just sort of disgusting by
 sheer repetition.
