
   
   
      
         
            Speaker Livingston, I Presume

            The Republican struggle over who will be the next Speaker of the House leads
 at the Washington Post and the New York Times .
 The WP says that Bob Livingston has already gained the crucial support
 of Majority Whip Tom DeLay and has received verbal support from "100-plus
 members." Livingston will need 112 votes to gain an intra-party majority when
 the Republican members of the House meet on November 18. The NYT says
 that most of the top House majority positions will be up for grabs in the
 coming days, pitting GOP personalities and ideological factions against each
 other. All the papers mention Oklahoma Rep. Steve Largent as a serious threat
 to take over Dick Armey's spot as House majority leader.

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the increasing likelihood of imminent U.S.
 military action against Iraq. Citing a "senior foreign policy advisor to Mr.
 Clinton," the LAT says the Administration has lost hope for any Iraqi
 concessions and is ready to use force "sooner rather than later." The
 NYT off-lead says that the U.S. will abandon U.N. arms inspections as a
 means of restraining Iraq in favor of traditional methods like sanctions and
 force. The NYT piece quotes a senior Administration official's warning,
 " If [Saddam Hussein] tries to use weapons of mass destruction he should know
 that we will obliterate Iraq."

            The WP off-lead reveals that the FAA, which recently decided to
 overhaul the way insulation on commercial airliners is tested for flammability,
 received warnings about its test's unreliability as far back as 1988. The
 change in fire--safety regulations-prompted in part by the crash of Swissair
 Flight 111--will cost airlines over $1 billion.

            A NYT front page article reports that Sen. John Glenn landed safely
 at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida yesterday aboard the space shuttle
 Discovery. Glenn, whose age-related experiments required him to provide 10
 blood and 16 urine samples in zero gravity, was understandably wobbly upon
 de-shuttling.
