
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Who even knew that anyone still cared about things like trade deficits? I
 mean, the United States has been borrowing tens of billions of dollars every
 month from foreign investors for so long that I thought it was just something
 everyone--with the exception of Pat Buchanan and people looking for reasons to
 bash China--accepted. But apparently there are still some numbers that can
 scare even the most dedicated stock buyers, so that yesterday's news that the
 trade deficit soared to $24 billion for the month sent stock prices tumbling
 (well, relatively speaking).

            Concerns about the suddenly weak dollar, worries about the trade deficit,
 rumblings that defaults on high-yield bonds are rising: What decade is this,
 again? And where's Robert Rubin? Just kidding, Larry. The truth is that a lot
 of these anxieties feel like just that: anxieties without any real object.
 After all, bond yields fell by more than a quarter point this week, assuaging a
 lot of concerns about the impact of rising interest rates on stock prices. So
 all the victims of the fears of August just had to find something new to fret
 about.

            A bit Pollyanna-ish? No doubt. But something real has got to change before
 all this talk about a suddenly fragile economy will make any sense. So go buy
 something and keep the boom going. Here's Chatter for this week.

            1. "According to IDC Asia-Pacific, 800,000 home PCs were sold in
 China last year. At that rate, it will take a mere 500 years until every
 family in China has a PC."

            2. "In a week in which bad company after bad company filed for bankruptcy,
 satellite-phone company Iridium also filed for Chapter 11 , which it had
 insisted it would never do. Let's see: Its huge, clunky, hard-to-operate phones
 cost $3,000. It cost $7 a minute to use the phones. And the service often
 didn't work. How could they have missed?"

            3.
