
   
   
      
         
            Cost of Livingston

            Everybody leads with the jockeying in the House of Representatives for the
 Speaker's gavel. Everybody has Rep. Bob Livingston of Louisiana as the
 presumptive victor. But USA Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 treat the alternative effort of Rep. Christopher Cox as, albeit fading, still
 on the table, while the Los Angeles Times snags a late Sunday night
 interview with Cox in which he says he can't match Livingston's vote count. The
 leads also note that several other top House Republican slots are likely to be
 contested in the party vote coming up on November 18th.

            The NYT makes the point that Livingston, Cox and other members of the
 Republican House leadership used the Sunday chat shows to politick for their jobs, an
 unprecedented exercise. And an odd one, since the offices at stake are
 completely controlled by GOP caucus and House votes. The Post notes this trend too and quotes some other members of
 Congress who don't much like it.

            The WP and USAT emphasize the main reason most House
 Republicans wanted the tongue of Newt: they say he was a lousy manager. (Now
 they tell us.) "There was really no clear agenda for the year. And when there's
 no agenda and there's no real direction, what happens is you can't, you really
 can't have a message," Rep. John Boehner is quoted saying in the Post .
 And then he drives the point home with a little too much information about
 himself: "You can put lipstick on a pig all day long, but it's still a
 pig."

            It's not enough that this story leads all around. The papers also try to
 portray it as exciting. The NYT speaks of members having "scurried" back
 to Washington to participate in "party brawls," and the LAT calls the
 episode "dramatic" and "a fast-moving tale." That Speakermania grips the papers
 this way shows they're a bit out of touch with what seems to be the point of
 last week's election results: the public doesn't care about what Washington
 cares about.
