
   
   
      
         
            Plugging in a Speaker

            House politics continue to dominate. The WP leads with the de facto
 Speakerhood of Rep. Robert Livingston. The LAT goes with the fractious
 Republican caucus he will try to lead, which the WSJ also addresses in a
 front-pager. The NYT goes instead with yesterday's Judiciary hearings at which
 scholars said middle-ground outcomes like censuring the president had no
 constitutional basis. The hearings are also the off-lead at the WP and
 make the front at the LAT and USAT, which leads instead with the Supreme
 Court's allowing the continuance of Wisconsin's program of subsidizing poor
 children's attendance at private and religious schools. This voucher story
 makes the LAT and NYT fronts, but is played inside at the
 Post .

            The WP , LAT and NYT each give the who's-up-who's-down
 on the House GOP wrangle but there is no clear sense communicated about what it
 all means. The LAT bothers to tell us that to hold together the House
 GOP caucus Livingston may have to, to coin a phrase, "resort to scotch tape and
 bailing wire," but doesn't tell us much about the ideological differences
 operating except to say that Livingston has been slammed by the WSJ
 editorial page and is also disliked by something called the Traditional Values
 Coalition. The coverage tells us that Livingston is apparently all about tone
 and management and (could this be the Jesse Ventura effect?) that he's a black
 belt in karate. But that's about it. For a topography of the House GOP, turn to
 the Journal account, which nicely articulates the three main branches of
 its conservatism: pragmatic, economic, and social.

            As for the lesser offices in the hierarchy, the papers don't even
 communicate what they do. The reader has no idea what to make of learning that,
 for example, the vice chair of the House Republican Conference is challenging
 the Majority Leader. The one exception to this complaint is the Post 's
 reporting on the job of Majority Whip, Tom DeLay.
