
   
   
      
         
            Kathleen Willey Grope 'n' Gripe Extravaganza!

            
               A FEW MORE POINTS about the Kathleen Willey incident. As noted in
 yesterday's Chatterbox, if true Willey's story is the worst of Clinton's
 alleged sexual indiscretions--worse than Lewinsky, worse than Paula Jones. But
 is Willey telling the truth? In his original Newsweek article on the
 Willey/Willy business, reporter Michael Isikoff said Willey's "friend" Julie
 Steele initially confirmed Willey's account, saying she (Steele) had heard the
 gruesome details from Willey the night of the incident. But in the same article
 Isikoff reported that Steele had later recanted and said that Willey "had asked
 her to 'lie' about what had happened in order to give credibility to the
 allegation that she had been harassed." According to Isikoff, Steele now said
 that Willey only told her that "the president had made a pass at her," and not
 until weeks after the incident. ...

            
               ARE WE TO BELIEVE Steele's recantation? Or had the same Mystery
 Suborner who gave Monica Lewinsky anti-Willey "talking points" to give to Linda
 Tripp--"you now do not believe that what she claimed happened really happened.
 You now find it completely plausible that she herself smeared her
 lipstick"--also given them to Steele, with greater success? Chatterbox has no
 idea what the answer is. Steele's testimony will clearly now be very important.
 But the mere existence of the "talking points" casts a retrospective cloud over
 her semi-exculpatory recantation. ...

            
               STEELE'S NEW ACCOUNT is only "semi-exculpatory" because she did tell
 Isikoff that Willey had talked to her about Clinton making a pass (just not an
 unwanted pass). The New York Times , rehashing Isikoff's reporting
 in a front-page piece last Saturday, conveniently omitted this point, leaving
 the false impression that the first Steele had heard about any Clinton
 pass was when Willey called to ask her to lie when Isikoff "was on his way to
 her home.
