
   
   
      
         
            Temporary Husseinity

            Everybody leads with the deployment of more U.S. forces to the Persian Gulf,
 as the Clinton administration--via remarks not just by President Clinton, but
 also by Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Secretary of Defense William
 Cohen and Chairman of the JCS Gen. Hugh Shelton--once again warned Saddam
 Hussein to accept weapons inspections or else. Yesterday's military moves:
 ordering stealth fighters and B-1 and B-52 bombers to the region along with
 anti-missile missiles and 3,000 Army troops. Another development that has in
 the past served as an immediate warning of U.S. use of force: the withdrawal of
 nonessential State Dept. personnel and their dependents from embassies (in
 Israel and Kuwait), and of U.N. inspectors and humanitarian aid workers from
 Iraq. None of the papers mentions that such evacuations not only serve the
 obvious purpose, but also reduce Hussein's ability to deploy foreign "human
 shields."

            The New York Times
 points out that, unlike the previous go-round with Iraq last winter, neither
 Russia nor France is currently attempting to find a diplomatic way out for
 Hussein. But the Washington Post reports that in a closed-door meeting at
 the U.N. yesterday, Russia continued to argue against using force. And USA Today
 says that Russia has been joined in this position by Egypt and Saudi
 Arabia.

            The Times says that the targets would be Iraq's weapons plants and
 depots. The >WP 's columnist Jim Hoagland agrees and adds that the
 White House has prevailed over the Pentagon in insisting on a "substantial air
 campaign." The Los Angeles Times passes along former Bush national
 security advisor Brent Scowcroft's suggestion: take out one target a week,
 until Hussein grants inspections. But the paper points out current U.S.
 officials acknowledge that no bombing campaign, no matter how extensive, can be
 expected to eradicate Hussein's covert weapons development efforts. The
 NYT points out that neither the Gulf War nor subsequent strikes in 1993
 and 1996 significantly eroded Hussein's interest in or capability for weapons
 development.
