
   
   
      
         
            Saddam Goes Solo

            The intensifying showdown with Iraq leads at the Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times , New York Times , and USA Today . As the U.S.
 increased its bomber presence in the Persian Gulf, the total isolation of
 Saddam Hussein became apparent. Yesterday Egypt, Syria, and six other Gulf
 countries signed a declaration that blamed the crisis on Iraq's intransigence.
 Even France and Russia--which traditionally have supported Iraq's argument that
 sanctions should be lifted--have voiced no opposition to a possible U.S.
 attack.

            U.S. rhetoric was sharp: Defense Secretary William Cohen warned that
 military strikes, if they occur, "will be significant." Deputy Secretary of
 State Strobe Talbott said, "We have thought well beyond Hour One and Day One
 and Week One." In Baghdad, Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz reiterated
 Iraq's stance that sanctions should be lifted before weapons inspectors are
 reinstated. Aziz did indicate, however, that Iraq would welcome U.N.
 intervention--but Kofi Annan, who has been burned too many times by Iraq's
 broken promises, shows no inclination to head to Baghdad.

            The LAT says that "an attack on Iraq, and possibly a massive one,"
 could come at "virtually any moment." The WP is more cautious, citing
 U.S. officials who say that "military action is not likely for 10 days,
 although it could come sooner." Possible reasons for delay include President
 Clinton's upcoming swing through Asia and a last chance for diplomacy.

            The Wall Street
 Journal fronts a story on how E.W. Scripps Co., owner of Home and
 Garden Television, broke into the "clubby" and expensive cable programming
 business--in which would-be programmers must even pay cable systems for channel
 space. Scripps essentially got lucky--after stumbling on the concept of using
 "retransmission rights" as a bargaining chip--and its boomer-friendly content
 took off, once aired.
