
   
   
      
         
            Settling News

            All papers--the New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles
 Times --lead with the $850,000 settlement reached Friday between
 President Clinton and Paula Jones, which will end Jones' 4-1/2 year sexual
 harassment case against the President. Under the agreement, Clinton offers no
 apology to Jones--a condition which "[Jones] had once called her most important
 demand," notes the NYT . Clinton must pay Jones within 60 days; the money
 is expected to come from insurance or Clinton's legal defense fund. Real estate
 magnate Abe Hirschfeld's flamboyant offer to pay Jones $1 million is not part
 of the settlement. The agreement must first be approved by the federal judge
 who dismissed the Jones suit in April, but this should be routine.

            Purveying the logic of the Clinton side, the President's lawyer Robert
 Bennett commented, "The president has decided he is not prepared to spend one
 more hour on this matter." One jubilant White House official quoted in the
 WP says, "What this means is that not a single one of those 750 days
 [left in Clinton's term] will be taken up by Paula Jones." All papers conclude
 that the Jones settlement brings Clinton one step further toward closing the
 impeachment proceedings.

            In other scandal developments, carried in all papers: Independent counsel
 Kenneth Starr sent the House Judiciary Committee two boxes of new documents on
 Kathleen Willey, the former White House volunteer who has alleged that Clinton
 of groped her. The new information--which was not made public--"did not contain
 a formal accusation of wrongdoing against Clinton," avers the NYT . The
 papers concur that the material is unlikely to delay the Clinton impeachment
 inquiry. In a separate development, Hillary Clinton's former law partner
 Webster Hubbell was slapped with a 15-count indictment yesterday by Starr, who
 accuses Hubbell of lying to federal regulators. Starr has already brought two
 indictments against Hubbell; Hubbell has already served 18 months in federal
 custody.
