
   
   
      
         
            Saddam Spared

            New developments in Iraq continue to dominate all papers' fronts. President
 Clinton announced Sunday that Iraq had "backed down" and that weapons
 inspectors would return to Iraq as soon as Tuesday. Clinton finally called off
 the possibility of attacking Iraq at 3:30 a.m. Sunday morning; on Saturday
 morning, as the papers reveal, Clinton had merely postponed the attack for 24
 hours while his advisors assessed Iraq's alleged concessions. Two additional
 letters from Iraq convinced Clinton to stow the missiles and give the
 inspections another chance. However, the Administration remains wary. As
 USA Today
 emphasizes in its lead, the U.S. says it stands "ready to act" if Saddam
 Hussein breaks more promises. The Washington Post notes that the extra troops in the Persian
 Gulf won't go home immediately--they will stay in the Gulf or head to bases in
 Europe.

            Clinton issued five criteria for judging Baghdad's compliance. Among the
 conditions: Inspectors must have "unfettered access" to weapons sites, and Iraq
 must turn over all documentary evidence of producing weapons of mass
 destruction. Clinton also indirectly endorsed the overthrow of Saddam Hussein,
 calling him "an impediment to the well-being of his people and a threat to the
 peace of the region and the security of the world." This caused Iraqi Deputy
 Prime Minister Tariq Aziz to snap back on CNN that Clinton's remarks were "a
 flagrant violation of the Security Council resolutions as well as international
 law."

            The WP fronts an insider's guide to which Clinton advisors voted for
 what on Iraq. Apparently, National Security Advisor Sandy Berger held out for
 postponing the strike, while Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, Defense
 Secretary William Cohen, and Gen. Henry Shelton, chairman of the Joint Chiefs
 of Staff, favored gong ahead with the attack on Saturday morning. The
 Post didn't know Vice President Gore's position.
