
   
   
      
         
            Monica's Choice

            The New York Times leads with more tough words from the U.S.
 about Iraq, but the Los Angeles Times is the only other paper to front the Iraq
 story at all. The Washington Post 's top national story analyzes the stock
 market's resurgence. USA
 Today goes with the Supreme Court's decision not to consider two
 campaign finance reform cases. And the LAT leads with an analysis of the
 $206 billion proposed settlement between the states and tobacco companies.

            The NYT lead says that the U.S. and Britain are highly skeptical of
 Saddam Hussein's compliance and that "there was an unusually strong consensus
 Monday that American and British bombing was almost inevitable." The real test,
 says the Times , should come in a few weeks when surprise weapons
 inspections begin. British Prime Minister Tony Blair echoed the Clinton
 Administration's strongly worded sentiments; next time, Blair said, there will
 be "no warnings, no wrangling, no negotiations, no last-minute letters."
 American and British forces could be deployed within hours of any decision to
 attack. Other interesting stories from the NYT 's Iraq package report
 that 1) President Clinton's decision to terminate the Iraq strike came just 15
 minutes before the missiles were to launch; and 2) The French are miffed at
 Sen. John McCain for insinuating that France tipped Saddam Hussein off to the
 imminent attack. McCain remarked of the attack plan, "We had to inform our
 allies, including the French."

            The LAT tobacco suit story notes that if the case is settled, "the
 industry got off relatively cheaply in strict financial terms." Smokers
 themselves, rather than the industry, will essentially shoulder the $206
 billion cost through 35-cents-per-pack price increases; the LAT says
 that this is not enough to seriously dampen consumption. Health advocates have
 already criticized the settlement as too lax, but the state attorneys general
 are eager to settle and get the money.
