
   
   
      
         
            Name That Scandal: And the Winner Is ...

            Chatterbox has harnessed the vast power of the Net in search of a handy,
 irresistible name for the Lewinsky-Tripp-Willey-Clinton scandal, and
 Chatterbox's pathetic little hard drive now overflows with the results--more
 than 215 responses, containing no less than 209 distinct suggestions. All we
 can say is, For God's sake, stop! The contest is over!
            

            Explicitly disobeying Chatterbox's instructions, many entries contained the
 despised "-gate" suffix, including the three most popular entries--"Fornigate"
 (23 submissions), "Tailgate" (13), and "Zippergate" (12). Despite the
 insubordination, Chatterbox actually likes each of these; "Fornigate" may well
 wind up the name that wins out in popular usage. But somehow we can't see the
 New York Times adopting it. So Chatterbox will pass over these excellent
 entries, taking the advice of contest entrant Jonathan Weisberg to look for a
 name that might at least conceivably wind up in a high-school history book.
 Plus, Chatterbox doesn't want to have to buy the 23 copies of Leaves of
 Grass it would take to reward the Fornigate brigade.

            Several other entries also fail the "history book" test. "Whitefluid" is too
 dirty for anyone except Slate's Scott Shuger to use, as are "Pussygate,"
 "Billygoat," "Deep Throat," "Starr 69," and one of Chattterbox's favorites,
 "Come-a-lot," with its evocative, ironic historical reference. (Some Chatterbox
 readers seem to have spent a bit too much time going through the X-rated bins
 down at the video store.) The same goes for "Moby Dick," despite the useful
 allusion to Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr's Ahab-like pursuit of proof of
 the president's sinfulness. Chatterbox also likes "Incredible Sucking Sound,"
 but doesn't want to annoy Ross Perot. Anyway, wasn't it a "giant sucking
 sound"?

            "Daughtergate" is cute but ugly. "Interncourse" doesn't exactly flow easily
 off the tongue, while "Wag the Intern" rests too heavily on an ephemeral
 pop-culture reference that will be lost on future generations.
