
   
   
      
         
            Anatolian Toll

            The New York Times and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with the political and public health aftershocks of the
 earthquake in Turkey. The Washington Post carries the story as its top non-local
 piece.

            Although the numbers are still rising, the papers agree that over 10,000
 people have died and 34,000 have been injured (the LAT says 35,000,
 reflecting both its later closing time and the speed with which the numbers are
 climbing). The WP story documents how shoddy building standards
 exacerbated the effects of the earthquake. Rescuers sifting through the rubble
 have found thinner-than-recommended steel rods and cement "filled with so much
 sand that it crumbles in [the workers'] hands." Muslim leaders, the media, and
 the government are vociferously blaming building contractors for violating
 safety standards. But the piece explains that Turkey has virtually no standards
 to violate. Once construction begins on a building, it is never subject to
 state-mandated inspection.

            The NYT story covers the public health angle. The country is
 feverishly scrambling to bury its rotting corpses before they spawn disease.
 Muslim clerics have allowed Islamic customs to be disregarded for the sake of
 speedy burials, and the Prime Minister ordered that bodies be buried as soon as
 they are found (relatives will have to identify their dead through a
 pre-internment photo). But the World Health Organization has announced that the
 corpses themselves are not a health hazard; open sewage and lack of water are
 far more dangerous. This caveat gets only a single sentence, and no further
 explanation of Turkey's possibly misplaced priorities.

            A WP front-pager continues the review of the U.S.'s strike on the
 Sudan in retaliation for the embassy bombings. Today's story contends that the
 U.S. bombed the El Shifa pharmaceutical factory in the Sudan despite the CIA's
 warning that it hadn't yet confirmed that the plant was producing chemical
 weapons ingredients.
