
   
   
      
         
            The Kindest Cut

            The Washington
 Post
               , 
               Los
 Angeles Times , and USA Today lead with the Fed's decision to reduce key
 interest rates by one-quarter of a percentage point. This is the third such cut
 in two months, and the Fed promises that it will be the last--though financial
 analysts aren't so sure. The New York Times sets the scene for Thursday's impeachment
 hearing.

            All the major papers report that the rate cut will stimulate consumer
 spending by lowering the cost of home equity and credit card loans. All papers
 also report that consumer spending, however, is currently at healthy levels.
 Why cut rates? The LAT --alone among the majors--makes it clear to the
 layperson that the Fed's move was directed at the bond markets. Certain U.S.
 businesses are having trouble selling bonds, indicating that investors are
 worried about financial crises abroad. The rate cut is meant to reassure
 anxious Wall Streeters that the hale and hearty U.S. economy will remain immune
 to international crises.

            Most quoted experts aren't convinced by the Fed's prediction that further
 rate cuts won't be necessary. The Wall Street Journal reports that 16 of
 18 experts surveyed last week by a macroeconomic forecasting firm expect rates
 to be lowered yet again.

            On political (i.e. Lewinsky) beat, the papers lead with the news that, on
 Thursday, Kenneth Starr will spend two hours detailing a White House pattern of
 obstructing justice in matters including, but extending beyond, the Lewinsky
 affair. The White House will have 30 minutes to question Starr.

            How will Starr play on TV? Some quoted sources note that he's a seasoned
 appellate lawyer, others stress his lack of experience with matters political.
 (It's a classic round of the DC "expectations" game--Starr's most modest
 reviews come from his friends.) The WP reports that the GOP hopes
 Starr's performance can "energize the lagging drive" to impeach President
 Clinton.
