
   
   
      
         
            Starr: Dwarf or Giant

            USAT, the NYT and LAT lead with Kenneth Starr's testimony today before the
 House Judiciary Committee. The WP has two Starr stories on its front, but leads
 instead with the Republicans' House leadership elections, which garner big
 front space at the other papers. The only real news there is that J.C. Watts,
 the House's only black Republican, ascended to one of the party's top House
 posts.

            Everybody stresses that Starr will claim that President Clinton's conduct in
 the Lewinsky matter was part of a general pattern of misusing his office to
 prevent the dissemination of damaging information about him, but it's also
 pointed out everywhere that his testimony will contain the first revelation
 that Starr has exonerated President Clinton in the White House travel office
 firings and in connection with the transferal of FBI background files to the
 White House. It's apparent from the accounts that the other major area of
 alleged Clinton dissembling Starr has in mind is his original raison
 d'^tre , Whitewater, both in connection with Clinton's testimony at the
 Arkansas trial of the McDougals and Jim Guy Tucker, and in the president's
 apparent involvement in the channeling of funds to Webster Hubbell after the
 latter's conviction. And the WP points out that Starr goes out of his
 way to condemn Clinton for his encouragement, in a TV interview, of Susan
 McDougal's continued silence. The LAT states most clearly the dimension
 in which today's testimony is an advance over Starr's previous written report:
 that document spoke of possible grounds for impeachment, whereas according to
 the LAT , Starr will say Clinton "should be removed from office."

            All the papers write from advance copies of his prepared testimony made
 available by Starr, and they all report that Clinton will be in Asia during
 Starr's appearance. They also all mention that Clinton has not yet replied to
 the 81 questions submitted to him by Judiciary chairman Hyde, pleading lack of
 time given the Iraq crisis, but it's the WP that mentions in this
 connection that Clinton played golf on Monday.
