
   
   
      
         
            House Call

            Everybody leads with Kenneth Starr's House call and give up about half of
 the rest of their fronts to various aspects of the quote news unquote.
 Yesterday the papers told you what he would say. Today they tell you what he
 did say. They don't tell you it's the same thing.

            USAT calls yesterday's proceeding "marathon, heavily partisan" and says
 Starr "generally kept his cool" as he personally made his brief against
 President Clinton. The paper sees in the end-of-the-day exchanges between Starr
 and Clinton's personal attorney David Kendall "a dramatic prime-time showdown
 of legal heavyweights." The WP notes instead that Starr seemed more
 professorial than prosecutorial.

            As USAT , the NYT, and the WP note, there was little discussion
 of Starr's conclusions, the emphasis falling instead on Starr's motives and
 conduct--the main issues there being whether or not Starr had an antecedent
 bias against Bill Clinton, had inappropriate connections to the Paula Jones
 defense team, whether he had unlawfully detained Monica Lewinsky and/or
 violated her right to an attorney and indeed, whether he had lied about his
 treatment of her in a press release. There was also some discussion of whether
 or not Starr illegally leaked to the press. The LAT alone highlights Starr's
 sole concession in the face of all this: that perhaps when requesting from
 Janet Reno expansion of his charge into Jones-related matters, he should have
 informed her of the discussions he'd previously had with Jones' lawyers.

            The WP notes that in contrast to the 453-page report Starr served up
 in September, the day's discussions were distinctly "G-rated." The Post
 even quantifies the point, noting that in Starr's opening remarks, he used
 "sex" or "sexual" just four times, compared to at least 60 references to
 "truth" or "lying." Everybody prints one of the day's few carnal references:
 Democratic Rep.
