
   
   
      
         
            Balk in Iraq

            The New York Times
 leads with Attorney General Janet Reno's Tuesday deadline to announce whether
 she will appoint an independent counsel to investigate Al Gore's role in
 questionable Democratic fundraising activities. The Washington Post leads with news that Iraq is not
 cooperating completely with U.N. arms inspectors. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with outgoing California Governor Pete Wilson's anticipated
 last minute judicial and regulatory appointments.

            The NYT reports that after reviewing essentially the same evidence
 concerning fund raising improprieties for two years, Reno must finally decide
 whether to begin a thorough, independent investigation into possible Democratic
 abuses. The primary issue for Tuesday's decision is whether Gore knew that
 money he solicited in 1996 was going to be used as both soft-money, which is
 unregulated and used for nonspecific party activities, and hard-money, which is
 regulated and can be used to pay for re-election ads. The NYT notes that
 extra pressure is being put on Reno from the House Judiciary Committee, which
 has expanded its investigation to include campaign finance, and could
 potentially include the AG herself--particularly her repeated refusal to
 appoint a special prosecutor over the last two years. The Times does not
 make clear who imposed the Tuesday deadline or what the ramifications are if no
 decision is made.

            The WP lead says that UNSCOM inspectors see little evidence that the
 latest standoff with Iraq has improved their ability to search for weapons.
 Iraqi officials have already denied inspectors' requests for documents, calling
 the requests "provocative rather than professional." Inspectors fear that Iraqi
 officials plan to stall and doubletalk their way out of random weapons searches
 without blatantly refusing to cooperate. The WP notes that this strategy
 has effectively eroded French, Russian, and Chinese support for UNSCOM in the
 past.
