
   
   
      
         
            Netescape

            A major business development, AOL's nearly consummated purchase of
 Netscape, leads at USA Today , the Washington Post , and Los Angeles
 Times . The move also gets a front-page leader at the Wall Street Journal . (According to the AP, the Journal online edition and the new Newsweek broke
 the story.) The New York Times
 puts the story above the fold, but leads with Iraq's latest weapons inspection
 snit and off-leads with word that driven by budget constraints as much as by
 the reduced threat of nuclear attack, the Pentagon is quietly recommending
 unilateral reductions in U.S. nuclear warheads. Both the NYT and LAT go
 top-front with the same picture of Bill Clinton: At the Korean DMZ complete
 with howitzer backdrop, decked out in scrambled-eggs ball-cap and Army field
 jacket, he's doing a grip-and-grin with a bunch of soldiers. Judging by his
 105mm smile, he's finally enjoying the military lifestyle.

            The papers report that the AOL/Netscape deal is actually triangular, with
 AOL buying Netscape for about $4 billion in stock and then licensing Netscape's
 e-commerce software to Sun Microsystems, which hopes to use it as a vehicle for
 disseminating its Java language as an alternative to Microsoft's Windows.

            Everybody reports that the deal could have big ramifications for Microsoft,
 with USAT making the point that the deal formally bonds three companies
 whose charges that Microsoft uses monopoly power to block competitors' products
 have played central roles in the current anti-trust trial. Indeed, the
 NYT says that the companies were emboldened to deal because of their
 perception that the case would weaken MS. But USAT quotes a Microsoft
 spokesman's claim that the deal would "blow an enormous hole in the
 government's case," because it shows that MS' competitors have retained the
 ability to change the landscape overnight--in ways that the government claims
 is illegal when Microsoft tries it.
