
   
   
      
         
            WAPO BURIES THE LEAD!

            The juiciest bit of news in Saturday's Washington Post was entombed
 in the last paragraphs of a story on page A-21. The piece, by media reporter
 Howie "The Beast" Kurtz, revealed that Clinton attorney David Kendall has "been
 helping" an Esquire author "research an article on Starr's Whitewater
 probe," even to the extent of asking Clinton allies to cooperate with the
 author. And the favored author is ... David Brock!

            That wouldn't be the same David Brock who wrote a 1992 American
 Spectator hit piece calling Anita Hill "a bit nutty and a bit slutty,"
 would it? The David Brock whose 1993 Troopergate article revived the Clinton
 sex scandal and portrayed Kendall's client and patron Hillary Clinton as a
 foul-mouthed bitch who orders state troopers to fetch her tampons? The David
 Brock whose subsequent book about Hillary practically called her a Commie? The
 nipple-baring Brock who then played the victim in an Esquire article
 (illustrated with an exhibitionistic photo of Brock in an open shirt posing as
 St. Sebastian) when, despite his hit pieces and sleazy red-baiting, right
 wingers snubbed him for supposedly going soft on Hillary? (He concluded, for
 example, that Bill and not Hillary was to blame in Whitewater.) The David Brock
 who even in this Esquire article defended his Troopergate snooping? The
 David Brock whom Chatterbox last tracked palling around Georgetown with Clinton
 nemesis Matt Drudge? ...

            Chatterbox is pausing to un-reel its mind ... There. Just one question. Has
 David Kendall gone insane? ... OK, one more question: Is Brock's whole I-was-a
 victim-of-the-right routine a brilliant Nosenko-like cover that has allowed him
 to penetrate the Clinton camp's innermost recesses--gaining the confidence of
 the normally closed-mouthed Kendall--after which Brock will turn the tables on
 his original enemies? True, one interpretation of Brock's recent anti-right
 attack is that he's undergone a "metamorphosis" (Kendall's word).
