
   
   
      
         
            Augusto Justice

            The New York Times
 and Washington Post lead with the ruling by Britain's
 highest court that Augusto Pinochet must remain under arrest in England
 subject to extradition elsewhere because his status as an ex-head of state does
 not confer legal immunity. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with another in its series of important stories about the
 abuse of inmates in the California state prison system--this one reporting an
 investigative panel's conclusion that two dozen fatal or serious inmate
 shootings at the state's most notorious prison were not justified. Dr. Jack Kevorkian's arrest yesterday in connection with the
 euthanasia broadcast last Sunday on "60 Minutes" makes the fronts of the majors
 putting out editions today.

            The WP reports that all five Law Lords ruled that a former head of
 state, unlike a sitting one, has but limited immunity: he or she can be forced
 into court to answer for actions that are not part of the legitimate function
 of government. This finding prompted, the Post reports, Pinochet's
 lawyers to observe that their client is therefore vulnerable to prosecution
 only because he stepped down in favor of a democratic government. But the
 crucial ruling, both leads report, was the lords' 3-2 decision that torture and
 hostage taking are not legitimate government functions. Therefore, they
 explain, the Pinochet matter will be disposed of in a British court when Spain
 presses its extradition request, unless the Home Secretary, Jack Straw, decides
 otherwise. The Post says the early betting is that Straw will not
 intervene. On the other hand, both papers note that former Prime Minister
 Margaret Thatcher, appreciative of Pinochet's pro-British stand during the
 Falklands War, has already publicly appealed for his release.

            The Post says the Pinochet ruling is a watershed in human rights law,
 and the Times says it marks a potentially significant broadening of the
 powers of prosecutors to pursue those charged with crimes against humanity.
