
   
   
      
         
            81 Questions. How Many Answers?

            President Clinton's 24-page written affirmation to the House Judiciary
 Committee that he did not lie--though he misled friends and family and is sorry
 as usual--leads at all papers. In responding to 81 questions posed by the
 Judiciary Committee, Clinton interspersed numerous "I don't remembers" with
 short statements which did not always directly answer the question.

            The New York Times writes that Clinton's responses "shed little
 new light on issues surrounding the impeachment inquiry," and the Washington Post and the Los Angeles
 Times concur. However, despite Clinton's terse and limited responses,
 he did provide some fresh tidbits for the Committee to mull: The NYT
 says that Clinton's responses marked the first time he had acknowledged
 discussing methods for handling the Lewinsky matter with Dick Morris, his
 political advisor, shortly after the story broke in January. Clinton also noted
 for the first time, says the Times , that his lawyers and reelection
 campaign had hired two private investigators, Terry Lenzner and Jack
 Palladino--though Clinton insists that their investigation was not the "White
 House Secret Police Operation" to scrutinize Clinton's opponents that Morris
 has alleged. As an accompaniment to Clinton's statement, David Kendall
 submitted a letter emphasizing that "the president did NOT commit or suborn
 perjury, tamper with witnesses, obstruct justice or abuse power" and that
 Clinton's response was "in good faith."

            The NYT and WP front Friday's confirmation by Exxon and Mobil
 of their merger discussions (the LAT gives it the Business front). If
 Exxon took over Mobil--the most likely scenario, experts say--the resultant
 company could be worth $160 billion, says the WP . Though both Exxon and
 Mobil stocks leaped at the news, the WP uses paragraph two to cite
 cautious experts who worry that various factors--among them the "intense,
 independent personalities of the two firms' chief executives"--could yet derail
 the deal.
