
   
   
      
         
            Questions and Answers
            

            Issue 1 is Gov. George W. Bush and the rumors that he snorted cocaine when
 he was in his 20s. Pundits also spend a few moments discussing the political
 strengths and weaknesses of Elizabeth Dole, John McCain, and other GOP
 presidential candidates; the Clinton marriage and the political standing of the
 president and the first lady; and the news, reported this week, that Kenneth
 Starr might wrap up his multi-year investigation of the Clinton White House and
 leave his job as independent counsel.

            Most pundits agree that questions about whether Bush has ever tried cocaine
 are relevant to this year's presidential campaign and a legitimate part of
 public discourse. They also agree that the imbroglio in which Bush now finds
 himself will probably not severely damage the Bush election effort. George
 Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ) and David Gergen (NBC's Meet the
 Press ) believe that unless someone comes forward with a specific allegation
 about Bush using drugs the issue will likely fade from public notice. Bob Novak
 (CNN's Capital Gang ) believes that the current Bush position--that he
 has been drug-free since 1974--is an eminently reasonable one, and other
 pundits point out that the American public simply does not care a great deal
 about whether, as a young man in his 20s, George W. Bush dabbled in the
 drug.

            Still, pundits are highly critical of Bush's handling of the cocaine issue.
 They believe it raises serious questions about the character and credibility of
 the Texas governor, and they accuse Bush of giving a series of muddled
 responses to questions about drug use as a youth. They attack him for sounding
 like Bill Clinton, who in 1992 evaded questions about drug use and
 draft-dodging in an eerily similar manner. And they argue that Bush, who has
 refused to state flat-out if he has ever used illegal drugs, emerges from the
 controversy looking like a waffler and, worst of all, a hypocrite of the first
 order.
