
   
   
      
         
            All-Mail Voting

            On a slow news day, the Los Angeles Times leads with the quiet hope among
 some Republicans that the House impeachment inquiry will die a swift death. The
 New York Times goes with an affirmative action-related
 piece: complaints from some parents, mostly in the white majority, that their
 kids have been excluded from schools on the basis of race. And the Washington Post leads with the growing vote-by-mail
 trend.

            The LAT front says that some Republicans believe that losing the
 House impeachment vote would be much better than winning by a narrow margin and
 sending the unpopular impeachment proceedings to the Senate (which would likely
 kill impeachment anyway). The GOP is in a tough spot: The LAT cites a
 recent Gallup poll which says that while 64% of Americans oppose impeachment,
 68% of "self-identified Republicans" want their Congressmen to vote for it.

            According to the NYT , high schools and elementary schools are
 increasingly butting heads with parents of rejected students over
 race-conscious policies. The issue--whether diversity should be a selection
 criterion in public schools--has not been directly addressed by the Supreme
 Court, even as desegregation orders are lifted in many areas across the U.S.
 Magnet schools, which accept top students yet also seek to preserve their
 racial diversity, are particularly flummoxed by this issue. A spate of upcoming
 court cases across the country may determine the future of race-based
 policies.

            Voting by mail was once confined to the legitimately absent or the
 physically impaired. Now, says the WP , it has become widely popular
 among stay-at-homes. In over 20 states, voters can vote up to 21 days early
 without explaining their early voting. Oregon will soon become the first state
 to switch to an all-mail ballot. Alarmingly, individual candidates can bundle
 their campaign literature into a vote-by-mail application (which incidentally
 does not require identification).
