
   
   
      
         
            Impeach Pits

            The Los
 Angeles Times and USA Today lead with a court-ordered scientific
 panel's finding of no credible evidence that silicone breast implants cause
 disease, a story that also makes the New York Times
 front, but runs inside at the Washington Post . The WP goes with the House
 Judiciary Committee's ever-increasing hardening of partisan lines concerning
 impeachment. And the NYT leads with the Exxon/Mobil deal announced
 yesterday, which would create the world's largest company. There is so much
 uncertainty about whether the $80 billion deal will get government approval,
 that, the Times observes, both companies' stock prices dipped on the
 news. Columnist Alexander Cockburn warns in the LAT of one thing that
 will in his opinion definitely go up if the deal flies: gas prices.
 USAT 's inside package on the merger says in the short-term prices will
 go down, but the experts quoted are less sure about the long-term.

            The implant leads point out that the panel's findings could make it much
 harder in the future for women to convince juries that their silicones gave
 them arthritis, lupus, or immune system and/or connective tissue problems. Both
 USAT and the LAT note that the panel did not address the health
 consequences of ruptured implants, nor, adds USAT , problems of infection
 or painful breast hardening. The LAT says that the findings fit with
 other recent scientific results. The paper mentions in its second paragraph
 that three of the four scientists on the panel are women, while USAT
 saves this information for the last paragraph. And the LAT surprises
 with word that the panel members are barred from speaking to the media. Still?
 Why? How is this possible?

            The Post lead says the committee Republicans won a vote allowing
 pursuit of alleged Clinton fundraising abuses, and the White House is
 considering not presenting any defense whatsoever to any areas the committee
 has raised--because, in the words quoted from presidential spokesman Joe
 Lockhart, the HJC has been "hijacked by extremists.
