
   
   
      
         
            Still the One

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 lead with the illegal gifts acquittal of Mike Espy, the first Clinton
 Administration Secretary of Agriculture. The story is also the top national
 story at the Los Angeles Times . Pictures of a happy Espy adorn the
 NYT and WP tops.

            Independent counsel Donald Smaltz had prosecuted Espy--and the papers all
 hold that the not guilty verdict fuels a growing consensus that the statute
 under which the likes of Smaltz and Kenneth Starr operate must be at the very
 least substantially amended. Referring to Espy's own remarks, all the papers
 raise the question of the ineffectiveness of the OIC by mentioning that the
 non-conviction took four years and cost $17 million. Nobody mentions that Starr
 is on the verge of a similar low-bang-for-the-buck result, but the thought is
 inescapable. The NYT quotes Espy saying that when Congress holds
 hearings on the IC statute, "I would like to be the first witness."

            Since there is no dispute that Espy received some $35,000 worth of goods and
 bennies from parties with interests before Agriculture and since some of those
 parties pleaded guilty to making illegal gifts, it's easy for the reader to
 wonder how the clean-sweep verdict was possible. The NYT and LAT
 do a good job of laying out the legal complications: both explain that the usual
 rules don't apply if the gift giver has a prior personal relationship with the
 giftee, and the NYT also notes that the courts are still struggling with
 whether or not the illegal gratuity statute requires a concrete quid pro quo
 (either past or promised). There could have been another factor, which the
 LAT gets into far more than the others: race. The top half of the
 paper's story explains that Espy is black as were 11 of the jurors and that at
 one point, Smaltz asked the judge to tell jurors that race could not be taken
 into account in deciding the case.
