
   
   
      
         
            Never Mind

            The Los
 Angeles Times and Washington Post lead with the House Judiciary Committee's
 abrupt decision Thursday to drop (after only two days) President Clinton's 1996
 campaign finances from the areas it will consider in its impeachment inquiry.
 The move is also fronted at the New York Times ,
 which leads instead with the coordinated decision of Europe's central banks to
 cut their interest rates. This story is also flagged in the Wall Street Journal front-page news index where the move is
 called the effective birth of the European monetary union (officially, still a
 month away), but it's missing from the other majors' fronts. USA Today
 leads with word that the unseasonably warm weather much of the country is
 experiencing has been bad for seasonal businesses like ski tourism and for
 winter-related commodities like heating oil. The Washington Post off-lead adds that the warm spell has hurt
 November retail sales, primarily because shelves are stocked with winter
 gear.

            The LAT explanation of Judiciary's finance plug-pull is a quite bald
 political one: that there is enough Lewinsky evidence to support going forward.
 The WP says the move came after the committee's chief counsel read the
 DOJ fundraising-related memos the committee had just gotten. But the NYT
 spells this out: the committee honchos think the memos contain no evidence of impeachable
 offenses. Of course, there is another reason nobody mentions: while it's
 likely that few committee members currently have interns working, er, under
 them, almost all of them get off on soft money.

            
               USAT raises another explanation for not taking on a new area: speed.
 The paper quotes incoming Speaker Livingston's observation that there will be
 five more Democrats in the House come January, which could be a deciding
 difference, since everyone reports that a House impeachment vote will be
 extremely close.

            The WP and NYT report that draft censure resolutions--some
 requiring a fine and/or a public Clinton fess-up--are being much discussed in
 the House, especially among moderate Republicans.
