
   
   
      
         
            A Dollar Bill and Change for 2000

            All the papers lead with the drop in unemployment from 4.6 to 4.4 percent.
 The New York Times
 and the Washington Post say that November's strong employment
 levels occurred despite recent corporate announcements of upcoming job
 cutbacks. Huh? Today's Papers wonders why these papers think layoffs that will
 happen in the next few months would have any effect on last month's employment
 statistics. The Los Angeles Times points out that the Labor Department
 statistics show a troublesome gap between manufacturers, whose production is
 down due to overseas financial trouble, and service industries, which continue
 to produce lots of jobs, but at lower wages.

            President Clinton's lawyers have requested that the House Judiciary
 Committee allow them to present an expanded defense over a 3 to 4 day period
 instead of the currently allotted 1 day. The NYT notes that if the
 Committee allows it, this move might push the House's vote on impeachment into
 next year. The WP explains that this would mean more Democratic votes
 and also adds that Clinton is considering accepting a fine and censure from
 Congress. Congressional negotiations are stalled over a dollar amount, however,
 as Dems are proposing $300,000 and Republicans upwards of $4.5 million. All the
 papers report that the expanded defense would focus on the independent
 counsel's misconduct and on the definition of an impeachable offense.

            The NYT reports that a man imprisoned in Sacramento, California wants
 to donate a kidney to his 15-year-old daughter--again. The father, serving time
 for burglary, has already given one kidney to his daughter and his selflessness
 is now causing a dilemma for local surgeons and medical ethicists. The case has
 been referred to a university bioethics committee that must weigh factors such
 as the Hippocratic Oath ("First, do no harm") and the estimated $40,000 a year
 cost of dialysis that the prison system would have to pay.
