
   
   
      
         
            Hoffa Gets His Due(s)

            The New York Times
 leads with James P. Hoffa's victory in the Teamsters' presidential election.
 The Washington Post leads with an in-depth look at
 D.C.'s burgeoning high-tech industry and goes with the Hoffa election as its
 top non-local story. The Los Angeles Times lead accuses the FDA of approving
 a drug linked to 33 deaths since 1997.

            A University of Michigan-educated labor lawyer, Hoffa takes over as
 President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters two years after losing
 an election that was eventually overturned because of his opponent's corrupt
 campaign financing. Hoffa's most recent rival claims that the son of the
 legendary James R. Hoffa spent more than $6 million over the 4 years he
 campaigned for the leadership position. The NYT reports that the union
 has 1.4 million members, down from 2.3 million during the seventies, but it
 still holds considerable influence over U.S. industry.

            The LAT Sunday Report says that the FDA approved a drug used to treat
 adult-onset diabetes despite "explicit warnings of danger" from within the
 agency. Even after the product was recalled in Great Britain it remained--and
 still remains--available by prescription in the U.S.. The drug, called Rezulin,
 can cause liver damage that has led to 12 deaths in Japan and the U.S. since
 June. Part of the outrage over the drug's availability stems from the numerous
 drugs also available to treat the same symptoms. One M.D. notes, "Nobody is
 going to suffer if [Rezulin] is taken away."

            Nigeria held elections for local officials in what the NYT headline
 calls a "First Enthusiastic Step Towards Democracy." The voting was peaceful,
 turnout was high, and the mood was optimistic throughout the country. Nigeria's
 president has promised a full transition to democratic government after years
 of military dictatorship.

            A WP piece reports that Supreme Court Justices Anthony Kennedy and
 Stephen Breyer spoke out publicly against what they perceive as threats to
 judicial independence.
