
   
   
      
         
            Bare Market

            The New York Times
 and Washington Post lead with the House Judiciary
 Committee's decision to grant President Clinton's lawyers two 9 AM-to-midnight
 sessions this week to make their case against impeachment. The Los Angeles
 Times puts that story on the front but leads with the ever-worsening
 relations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority on the eve of President
 Clinton's Middle East trip. The big bone of contention is whether or not Israel
 is abiding by its Wye promise to free Palestinian political prisoners. Another
 is whether President Clinton's visit to Palestinian-ruled Gaza will have the
 full trappings of a visit to an independent state. USA Today
 goes with upcoming statistics from the Centers for Disease Control suggesting
 that the food-poisoning bacteria E. coli--usually associated with inadequately
 cooked hamburgers--may be causing twice as much illness as previously thought.
 USAT 's off-lead is another scientifically based second look at U.S.
 life: New computer-assisted studies match up DNA left at violent crime scenes
 surprisingly often with the DNA of known burglars, indicating that contrary to
 traditional dogma, burglary is a good predictor of violent crime.

            The NYT and WP leads communicate almost exactly the same
 information: The tart letters back and forth between Judiciary and the White
 House. The likely schedule of events, culminating in the committee vote Friday
 or Saturday. Tom DeLay's judgement that the House floor vote will be close, but
 will produce an impeachment bill. Both say that until last week the impeachment
 tide had ebbed considerably but that Clinton's answers to Judiciary's 81
 questions made it rise again. Both have Rep. Christopher Shay's quote about
 those answers: "I mean he still doesn't get it....He still doesn't tell the
 truth." Both have Trent Lott saying that if the House votes to impeach, the
 Senate will put Clinton on trial quickly.
