
   
   
      
         
            Will Bill Pass the House?

            Everybody leads with the formal defense of President Clinton before the
 House Judiciary committee, to be delivered not by him but for him by fourteen
 academics and lawyers.

            
               USA
 Today quotes Clinton spokesman Joe Lockhart saying, "It's time to make
 our case. We plan to do it in a serious way." (Last minute cut of Gallagher
 from witness list?) In response to the articles of impeachment the HJC is
 likely to propose, the presentation will include, USAT says, arguments
 that Clinton did not perjure himself, obstruct justice or abuse his power. The
 other papers say the White House defense will stress the incommensurability of
 Clinton's admitted actions and the threshold of impeachability, to be
 exemplified, say the Los Angeles Times and Washington Post by Watergate.

            The papers say that the committee is almost certain to approve at least one
 article of impeachment. Therefore, they say, the real audience for all of this
 is most of all the upwards of twenty undecided House members. The WP
 says David Kendall was left out of the witness package because this is now a
 constitutional fight more properly fought by White House (not personal)
 lawyers. The Wall Street Journal gives a more convincing reason: Kendall
 grates on Republican nerves. USAT has fresh polling saying that two out
 of three Americans oppose impeachment, with most favoring censure. And that's
 the position taken by the LAT 's lead editorial. But, reports the
 New York Times ,
 Henry Hyde hasn't decided yet whether he will allow a committee vote on
 censure.

            The WP says the Clinton witness list will include a law professor who
 will argue that articles of impeachment approved by this lame duck Congress
 would not be binding on the next Congress, to be installed in January. The
 NYT op-ed page features a column
 by that prof giving his argument. The LAT and NYT say that
 many in Congress feel this sort of expert and theoretical testimony will be
 less effective than some sort of further personal expression of regret by
 Clinton.
