
   
   
      
         
            Watch on the Potomac

            The papers all lead with the first day of the White House's defense before
 the House Judiciary Committee. The journalism consensus is that the panels of
 Watergate-era Judiciary members, academics and ex-special prosecutors
 constituted a deepening of the scandal's heretofore ditzy discussion. One
 Washington Post headline refers to a "day of
 dialogue." The New York Times
 sees a "sober debate." The Los Angeles Times says that compared to Kenneth
 Starr's committee appearance, yesterday's session was "much more sober and
 substantive." The Post says that yesterday, the president's legal team
 "offered its most comprehensive rebuttal."

            Huh? As the LAT notes, the day featured Democratic Rep. Zoe Lofgren
 saying that one reason not to impeach was that it would be bad for the economy,
 while Republican Rep. Asa Hutchinson cited as a pro-impeachment consideration
 President Clinton's use of the word "intimate" when he should have said
 "sexual." And at one point, says the Post , Republican Rep. Howard Coble
 responded to witness Fr. Robert Drinan's assertion that vengeance was
 motivating GOP conservatives by saying, "If anybody thinks vengeance is
 involved, I'll meet them in the parking lot." That's the current state of
 congressional deliberation--challenging a 70-plus priest to a duke-out. The day
 proved once again that there is no hearing in a congressional hearing. They
 should call these things congressional talkings. The papers agree that the real
 targets of the discussion are the House's 12-20 moderate Republican undecideds.
 But if so, then call those folks into executive session and leave the rest of
 us alone.

            The USA
 Today front carries word that Tuesday the Supreme Court ruled
 unanimously that, absent indications of additional criminal activity, police
 cannot automatically search a car after making a routine traffic stop. The
 story is also carried inside at the WP .
