
   
   
      
         
            Ruff Treatment

            Everybody leads with the release last night by the House Judiciary
 Republican majority of four proposed articles of impeachment, to be voted on by
 the committee come Friday or Saturday. The articles charge President Clinton
 with four offenses: 1) Perjury before a grand jury; 2) Perjury in a civil case
 deposition; 3) Obstruction of justice; and 4) Abuse of power.

            The NYT and WP quote White House spokesman Joe Lockhart's reaction that
 there's "nothing in the allegations...that brings anything here up to the
 standard of an impeachable offense." The LAT quotes Jim Kennedy of the White
 House counsel's office saying almost the exact same thing, although Kennedy
 added the quintessential spontaneity-hating Washington complaint: the no-notice
 release was unfair. The coverage adds that Judiciary Democrats responded by
 tendering a censure proposal, calling for a condemnation of Clinton that he
 would acknowledge by signing. And the papers report that Henry Hyde will allow
 it to be brought to a committee vote. The NYT and Post note that
 yesterday, for the first time, the White House aggressively embraced censure.
 Both papers explain that the Democratic anti-impeachment strategy is to push
 for a full House censure vote, in the hope that this will siphon some key
 moderate Republican votes away from any impeachment bill.

            
               USAT and the WP report that today, Judiciary's Republican
 counsel will probably present the videotape of Clinton's Jones case deposition.
 The Post explains why: because Clinton has claimed that he wasn't
 listening when his lawyer Robert S. Bennett denied that Clinton had engaged in
 any kind of sexual activity with Monica Lewinsky, and the Republicans believe
 the video clearly shows Clinton paying close attention.

            Before the advent of the impeachment articles, the committee was busy
 hearing the second day of Clinton defenders. White House counsel Charles Ruff
 did the heavy lifting.
