
   
   
      
         
            EARTH INVADES MARS!

            Did it just happen that as Jodie Foster's "Contact" is revving to
 open, a mission to Mars is grabbing the headlines? All three of the majors
 working the weekend are leading with the story of how yesterday, the Mars
 lander's communications problems with the rover vehicle it will deploy were
 solved.

            There being no way into this story other than through the briefings and
 access provided by the mission's organizer, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the
 Mars pieces in the New York Times,
 Washington Post, and Los Angeles Times
 are relentlessly similar. Still, here and there individual touches emerge. The
 LAT has the news that the engineers were able to solve Pathfinder's
 initial problems in part because they had, before the landing, replicated them
 in a 30-by-50-foot sandbox. And the NYT captures an example of what
 apparently goes for rocket scientist humor. The paper mentions a mysterious
 object in the landing area that scientists are anxious to investigate with the
 rover, and quotes mission team member Dr. Peter Smith as saying that it
 "appeared to be something long, dark and shaped a little like a couch. 'Someone
 suggested that was a homeless person out there,' the scientist joked." I guess
 destitute people are pretty funny when you're federally subsidized.

            Meanwhile, back on earth, the Post fronts an interesting piece
 revealing that "the last great oil rush of the 20th century--targeted at a
 potential $4 trillion patch in Central Asia's Caspian Sea region--has lured a
 prestigious group of U.S. prospectors: former high-ranking government officials
 bent on winning a stake in the bonanza for themselves or their companies." The
 article's subhead mentions lobbying by former Reagan and Bush national security
 advisor Brent Scowcroft, former Bush chief of staff John Sununu, former Bush
 Secretary of State James Baker, and former Clinton Treasury Secretary Lloyd
 Bentsen.
