
   
   
      
         
            Four on the Floor

            The House Judiciary Committee's approval of a fourth article of impeachment
 and rejection of a censure proposal dominate the front pages of the Sunday
 papers. The fourth article of impeachment accuses President Clinton of giving
 false or incomplete answers to the 81 questions previously submitted by the
 HJC. In its original form, the article accused Clinton of numerous,
 far-reaching offenses, including making misleading statements in televised
 appearances. However, Committee Republicans voted to limit the charges to the
 President's 81 responses in what the Washington Post calls a "tactical retreat." The amended
 article was approved by a 21-16 party-line vote. The New York Times
 reports that the House will hold a floor vote on all four articles late next
 week, but will likely not do the same for the Democrat-sponsored resolution for
 censure. The Times quotes a White House official who says, "Impeachment
 by the full House is starting to look inevitable."

            A NYT report details the current crisis faced by U.S. hog
 farmers--pig devaluation. Due to a glut of pig-production, a hog (the terms hog
 and pig are interchangeable, the article explains) that was selling for $118 a
 year ago now fetches only $45. Iowa, the "nation's leading hog state," has been
 hit hardest by the price drop. The true gluttons appear to be the nation's
 retailers, who have done little to pass lower livestock costs on to
 consumers.

            A Los
 Angeles Times front-page piece says the U.S. military has conducted
 investigations on more than 50 servicemen suspected of running marijuana and
 cocaine for Mexican and Californian drug operations. Eight probes were
 conducted in the past year to sniff out smugglers who likely used their access
 to conveniently located military bases to avoid Mexican Border Patrol.

            The NYT Magazine drives home its theme (yes, another theme issue)
 with its cover.
