
   
   
      
         
            Views You Can Use!

            The newsweeklies are choosing up sides in Flytrap. Time is Monica's
 Magazine. Ms. Lewinsky's increasingly creepy mouthpiece, William Ginsburg,
 cooperates with Time reporters--witness this week's long, generally
 sympathetic piece on "Monica's World," which portrays Ginsburg as her
 "surrogate dad" and describes, presumably on some authority, the ex-interns own
 thoughts (e.g., "You didn't do anything wrong!"). But Ginsburg has frosted
 Newsweek , which is perceived to be in Linda Tripp's camp. A short
 critical Newsweek piece on Ginsburg and his "appetite for the high life"
 notes that he "declined ... to talk to Newsweek ".... Newsweek ,
 meanwhile, is Paula's Magazine. Indeed you could plot the array of competing
 newsmagazine allegiances:

            

               

                  
                     
                        Newsweek
                     
 Linda Tripp
 Paula Jones
 Kathleen Willey
 Vernon Jordan

                   

                  
                     
                        Time
                     
 Monica Lewinsky
 Bill Clinton
 Julie Steele
 Vernon Jordan

               

            

            There's nothing necessarily sinister about these match-ups. It's a natural
 ecological phenomenon. If one mag has locked up the sources in one camp--the
 journalists' supply of food, as it were--it's only sensible for a competing mag
 to quickly secure the competing food source. Readers should simply be aware, as
 they weigh what they are told, that each magazine has an incentive to
 please--or at least not totally piss off--its primary allies....

            Which is not to say that Newsweek still won't try to throw Ginsburg a
 few bones in the hope of gaining his cooperation, or that Time won't
 skillfully let him make a fool of himself. In "Monica's World," for example,
 Ginsburg says of his client: "I was there at the beginning. I kissed that
 girl's inner thighs when she was six days old--I said 'Look at those little
 polkas '.
