
   
   
      
         
            From On Hyde

            The papers are dominated by the political reactions of the White House and
 its critics to Saturday's House Judiciary vote forwarding articles of
 impeachment to the full House. Most of the leads report that Republican
 congressional leaders (the Washington Post specifies Tom Delay, Dick Armey and Henry
 Hyde; the Los Angeles Times , New York Times
 and USA
 Today cite Hyde) have called for Clinton to resign and then have
 Clinton's remarks in Israel rejecting the suggestion, saying the possibility
 has never even crossed his mind. And all but USAT have Clinton's renewed
 denial that he committed Lewinsky-related perjury.

            All the papers save USAT cite worsening House prospects for the White
 House, with the LAT quoting Rep. Charles Schumer as saying the odds for
 impeachment are now "quite strong." One factor that all the papers note:
 Speaker-designate Bob Livingston's pronouncement Saturday night that he thinks
 a censure alternative should be kept from House consideration. This would
 remove a non-impeachment option that would have still allowed members to
 criticize Clinton. The WP and LAT say that House Democrats are
 planning various procedural moves to try to force censure before the House
 anyway. USAT cites fresh polling--with nice high mentions of sample size
 (865) and margin of error (4 percent)--indicating that popular opposition to
 impeachment has slipped 7 percent in the past week.

            The NYT has some unusually harsh language from Republicans. Tom DeLay is quoted
 saying, "I'm suggesting the President of the United States cannot be believed
 and I think it's reflective in his foreign policy....Saddam Hussein knows it
 and that's why he jerks his chain all the time." And the Times has Rep.
 Billy Tauzin saying, "You see he's lied to me personally on a very serious
 matter," referring, says the paper, to the energy tax in the 1993 budget deal.
 The paper explains after these quotes that "Clinton has never been well liked
 in Congress.
