
   
   
      
         
            Car Wreck

            The LAT and NYT lead with the gathering GOP momentum for impeachment and the
 White House's response to it. USAT runs that story as its off-lead, going
 instead with President Clinton's visit to the Gaza Strip, which also gets the
 biggest print at the WP.

            The main thrust of the two Times leads is that the ranks of the
 Republican members of Congress declaring themselves to be firmly against
 impeachment is shrinking. This despite fresh NYT polling indicating that
 64 percent of Americans do not want their representatives to vote for
 impeachment. The poll in today's WP offers a slightly different picture
 of the electorate: yes, six in 10 Americans are against impeachment, but if the
 House votes to impeach, 58 percent of them say Clinton should then resign. The
 LAT runs a front-pager about its new poll likewise showing that a clear
 majority of Americans oppose impeachment. The paper's lead editorial proclaims
 that "A Congress so out of step with the people it claims to represent ...is a
 greater danger to the Republic than all of Clinton's selfish lies."

            Both Times find the wavering of Republican Rep. Christopher Shays
 particularly important, noting that Shays had long been an announced foe of
 impeachment. Both report that Shays will soon have a personal meeting with
 Clinton to discuss the matter. The LAT passes along a Beltway rumor
 according to which Congress' lone Socialist, Bernard Sanders, was also changing
 to a pro impeachment vote. The NYT says Rep. Mark Souder, another early
 opponent of impeachment, is still solid, but the LAT says he's
 reconsidering his position. The paper sums up the situation as trending against
 Clinton, with the White House appearing to be at a loss about what to do. The
 NYT says: "Republicans appeared to be moving steadily toward
 impeachment."

            Everybody notes that the congressional hearts-and-minds battle seems to have
 shifted away from official White House channels: to People for the American Way
 radio spots, AFL-CIO-organized phone campaigns, and a Jesse Jackson-led prayer
 vigil.
