
   
   
      
         
            Not So Clean Livingston

            The nation's split-screen crisis leads all around--with banner headlines
 referring to both impeachment and Iraq the order of the day. The papers note
 that the House impeachment debate begins this morning and presumably a third
 day of military actions will soon follow. So at some point then, there will be
 at one and the same time charges raining down on Bill Clinton's head and bombs
 raining down on Saddam Hussein's.

            The papers report that in the first two days of the Iraq operation, there
 were no U.S. casualties, and that in Baghdad, officials are claiming that at
 least 25 Iraqis have died. The coverage also quotes Chairman of the Joint
 Chiefs Gen. Henry Shelton's comment that targets successfully hit included
 Saddam's Baghdad military headquarters and barracks there housing his security
 forces. He is also quoted saying that other strikes were "not as successful."
 None of the papers note the Pentagon briefing technique on display here: While
 Shelton illustrated the successful hits with before and after photos, the
 misses were not illustrated. It's reported that one of the Baghdad sites struck
 by cruise missiles was the home of the youngest of Saddam Hussein's three
 daughters. The Washington Post quotes an Iraqi official asking if her
 house was one of the key structures for the rule of Iraq. Nobody explains
 whether or not the building seems to have been hit intentionally.

            
               USA
 Today , the New York Times
 and the WP all run President Clinton's forceful response to the
 suggestion made previously by senior Republicans that he ordered the airstrikes
 to distract from the drive to impeachment: "I don't think any serious person
 would believe that any president would do such a thing." The papers also note a
 general climb-down among the Republican bigfeet from such suggestions, and
 indeed, everybody carries Newt Gingrich's remarks on the House floor that "no
 matter what our debates at home, we are as a nation prepared to lead the
 world.
