
   
   
      
         
            The House Feels Impeachy

            The New York
 Times
               , 
               Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times all lead with coverage of the
 impeachment dramatics. All three papers agree that the House will almost
 certainly impeach the president today, perhaps even before lunch. Iraq again
 makes the front pages, as the Pentagon admits that the bombing campaign has
 been less successful than hoped. Administration officials have not yet decided
 when the raids will end.

            Friday's impeachment debate was predictably partisan. Republicans pledged
 allegiance to the rule of law, while Democrats characterized the proceedings as
 a coup d'etat . The most ribald zinger of the day belongs to Constance
 Morella (R-Maryland), who says that Clinton's legacy "shall be indelibly
 stained." Dick Gephardt (D-Missouri) drew bipartisan applause for demanding an
 end to "slash-and-burn politics," which is interpreted as a comment on the
 Hustler investigation that prompted Speaker-elect Bob Livingston to
 admit infidelity, as well as the Starr investigation.

            The NYT says that, according to aides, the President is "devastated."
 The Democrats are so certain they've lost, reports the WP , that they
 won't bother to fly in George Miller, an anti-impeachment House member who is
 recovering from hip surgery in California. All papers report that Hillary
 Clinton made a statement on Friday supporting her husband. The WP
 reports that Gore is entering the fray as well, saying that he's "fighting
 mad." On the other side, Gerald Ford and Bob Dole--both of whom had offered
 censure plans--have endorsed impeachment.

            A NYT poll shows that the GOP has the lowest approval rating it's had
 in 14 years. What is more, half of the polled Americans mistakenly think the
 House isn't going to impeach Clinton. After impeachment, argues the article,
 the GOP's approval rating may go even lower. On the other hand, 40 percent of
 those polled think Clinton should resign if impeached.
