
   
   
      
         
            Landscape by Hieronymus Bosch

            Not much news as Christmas week begins. Just kidding. Bill Clinton was
 impeached, Bob Livingston said he wouldn't become House speaker after all, and
 the most ambitious U.S. military action in seven years came to an end. No great
 mental challenges at the New
 York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles
 Times about what to put on page one.

            Everybody leads with Clinton's impeachment, the second of a U.S. president
 in history. The House voted to impeach the president for perjury before a grand
 jury (228-206) and obstruction of justice (221-212) largely along party lines.
 Two other impeachment votes failed: for perjury in a civil suit (defeated
 229-205) and for abuse of power (defeated 285-148). Just before the impeachment
 votes, a Democratic motion to bring a censure proposal to the floor also failed
 (defeated 230-204), winning support from only two Republicans: Maryland's
 Connie Morella and New York's Peter King.

            All three papers note that the Senate is unlikely to convict, which requires
 a two-thirds vote. But R.W. Apple of the New York Times , reminding
 readers of earlier predictions this year that impeachment would never pass the
 House on a partisan vote and that the Democrats would suffer losses in the
 midterm elections, warns: "In the toxic politics of century's end in
 Washington, the inconceivable has become the commonplace." The paper reports
 the surreal detail that while the House debated Clinton's impeachment, White
 House strategists were holding a two-hour meeting to plan Clinton's State of
 the Union speech next month.

            Livingston's decision not to assume the speakership (and to quit Congress
 next year) is attributed mainly to pleading from his wife, but also to the fury
 of a small band of conservative Republican members who threatened not to
 support him in the January vote to choose a new speaker. The Washington
 Post 's David Broder, in an op-ed piece, praises Livingston's "leadership by
 example" and urges President Clinton to resign.
