
   
   
      
         
            Eight Is Too Much

            
               USA
 Today leads with its poll indicating that despite Saturday's bad day at
 the office, President Clinton's job approval rating hit 73 percent. The
 Washington Post runs a story inside about its
 similar poll findings--nearly two-thirds of those it surveyed approve of
 Clinton's job performance--but leads with the warning the Clinton
 administration's senior national security advisors issued yesterday to Saddam
 Hussein: whenever necessary, the U.S. will bomb you again to prevent the
 development or use of gas and/or germ weapons. (Note to Pentagon: Ixnay on
 "Operation Himmler.") USAT fronts this Iraq story as well. Both it and
 the WP cite their own polls' finding that about 80 percent of the
 American people approve of the just-concluded Iraq operation. The Los Angeles
 Times and New York Times
 each focus on the Senate's struggle with the issue of whether or not it still
 has the option of brokering some sort of resolution to the crisis besides a
 trial of President Clinton. Predictably, both papers find a party
 split--generally, Democrats are open to alternatives and Republicans are
 not.

            According to the Post , the administration's big Iraq policy shift is that henceforth,
 it will not view action by or relating to the U.N.'s weapons inspectors, nor
 approval by the U.N. Security Council or any of the Allies, as required for the
 U.S. use of force. It is a measure of the times that seven paragraphs in, this
 story veers to Madeleine Albright's acknowledgement that she'd been misled last
 winter by President Clinton's denials to the Cabinet of an affair with Monica
 Lewinsky. But then the story regains its center of gravity, making the point
 that the Iraq policy turn, with its open-ended commitment of forces against
 Saddam, means that the Clinton administration has de facto abandoned the recent
 Washington policy mantra that military deployments were okay only if
 accompanied by a clear exit strategy.
