
   
   
      
         
            Whose Ox is Gore?

            With little news breaking on Christmas, the papers lead with dependably
 worrisome issues. The Los Angeles Times sets off on a whirlwind tour of trouble
 spots all over the planet (potential violence in Africa, the Balkans, and the
 Middle East, economic crisis in Asia and Russia) and frets about the impact of
 impeachment on American stewardship of global stability. The Washington Post reviews weather-induced havoc in the South.
 The New York Times
 lead describes the easy end run that insurance providers have found around the
 legally mandated minimum coverage for mental illness. The 1996 Mental Health
 Parity Act only requires that dollar limits on mental health coverage equal
 those for general medical services. So providers and employers simply mete out
 treatments in non-monetary denominations, like number of visits and days in the
 hospital. Congress is expected to close the loopholes next year.

            The LAT fronts a four-day-old interview in which Vice President Gore
 prevaricates about how to handle his role in an impeachment trial. Yes, the
 Constitution requires him only to preside over the Senate and to break any tied
 vote on verdict or procedure. But can he lobby Senators to vote against
 impeachment? Gore opines that it would be "inappropriate" for him to
 "buttonhole" Senators, but hedges--if he's asked, he will "feel free to
 communicate with them in full." In this spirit of indecision, the interview was
 conducted Tuesday, "downplayed" by his aides on Wednesday, and then "embargoed"
 until the safety of the Christmas news lull. Meanwhile, the piece doesn't
 articulate the stickiest and most obvious of the Vice President's conflicts of
 interest: how Gore's own presidential ambitions could influence his performance
 as referee.

            The NYT and the LAT front the agreement between Russia and
 Belarus to merge their currencies, synchronize trade, and relax political
 barriers.
