
   
   
      
         
            Boomer Segregation
            

            Dear Kara,

            Believe it or not, word of your splendid wedding had spread to the East
 Coast even before it took place. I heard about it last week from Rick Tetzeli,
 Fortune magazine's hot young technology editor, who is also (I believe)
 a childhood friend of yours. In that lovably sardonic way of his, he described
 your impending nuptials as "the event of the season" in Silicon Valley. From
 your sweet account, it sounds like he wasn't far off. I was deeply impressed,
 by the way, with your ability to recall the details of the affair--the main
 thing I remember about my wedding is what a blur it was. By the next day I
 could barely recall who was there, much less what they said to me. Here's the
 good news: That was 20 years ago, and I'm still very happily married. I wish
 you the same.

            It is, of course, ridiculous that there is political hay to be made by
 trying to prevent same-sex couples from adopting children. It makes sense only
 in the context of Republican presidential politics--that is, such extreme
 positions can rally the hard-core faithful who vote in primaries, and thus help
 a candidate gain the nomination, but will only be a curse once the general
 election rolls around.

            But the truth is, though I'm a white, middle-aged hetero, I don't understand
 the anti-gay forces any better than you do. One reason is that I live in
 Northampton, Mass., which has a very large lesbian community, and where
 tolerance is pretty much taken for granted. (Though not always: We had a
 terrible murder here last year, when a 15-year-old boy stabbed a 16-year-old
 boy on a downtown street. It later turned out that the killer had been taunted
 at school by the older boy because he was gay.)

            But another reason, I think, is that baby boomers in particular have tended
 to segregate themselves along political lines as well as class and racial
 lines.
