
   
   
      
         
            Don't Ask Y2K

            As befits the last day of a holiday weekend, the papers reheat and serve a
 smorgasbord of mostly familiar issues. The New York Times
 leads with a budget forecast story: despite ample surpluses, spending caps mean
 the Administration must scrounge together funds sufficient for its activist
 domestic and military agenda. The Washington Post leads with the final story in its series on
 tolerance and American values. Spouting a long stream of poll numbers and
 expert quotes, the story pronounces that Americans' divergent opinions about
 President Clinton reflect "an unresolved debate about fundamental values". Only
 the Los
 Angeles Times fronts the situation in the Gulf: the lead describes
 Iraqi attempts to lure American planes into missile range and threats to fire
 on planes patrolling the no-fly zone. The story appears inside the WP, but goes
 unmentioned in the NYT.

            A Times front-pager reveals that condoms distributed to prevent AIDS
 in Africa are not only unpopular and scarce--they're also defective. Condom
 manufacturers dump their second-rate products in the region, and scattershot
 inspection efforts fail to screen out the duds. As a result, many condoms
 dispensed by well-meaning governments and health care organizations are leaky,
 corroded, or ill-fitting. So even Africans who practice safe sex--the
 putatively reliable way to protect themselves and stem the continent's AIDS
 epidemic-- are still vulnerable to infection.

            The WP front describes how anti-drug efforts have trumped human
 rights concerns in US policy towards Colombia. The US had cut off direct aid to
 the Colombian military because of its dodgy record of corruption and
 human-rights abuse. But now the US will provide the Colombian army with
 training and funding for its war against Marxist rebels, who are in cahoots
 with the Colombian drug traffickers responsible for the bulk of cocaine and
 heroin smuggled into this country.

            An inside piece at the Times explains one factor behind Defense
 Secretary William Cohen's recent call to raise military pay: lured by high
 salaries and quality of life, juicier retirement packages, and limitless
 opportunity for advancement, officers trained in finance and technology are
 retreating to the private sector.
