
   
   
      
         
            House It Gonna Work?

            The Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times lead with yesterday's revelation that the House-appointed
 "managers" of the impeachment case against President Clinton are leaning
 towards conducting a full-bore trial in the Senate, complete with the
 examination of witnesses. USA Today goes with the latest in a string of
 encouraging crime stories: the paper's own survey of 1998 homicide statistics
 shows that the total number of murders in America's ten largest cities is down
 12 percent compared to 1997. (The LAT front reports that the Los Angeles
 murder rate has dropped 27 percent from last year, resulting in a 28-year low.)
 The New York Times
 leads with initial government data showing that most states are in compliance
 with the 1996 welfare reform requirement that 25 percent of recipients hold
 jobs or actively prepare to do so. The Times points out, however, that
 many states are not meeting the law's required percentage of working two-parent
 welfare families and that the government statistics do not show whether welfare
 workers have found good jobs.

            The WP and LAT leads, as well as a NYT front-pager,
 report that the House managers' aggressive position puts them in conflict with
 Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, who just the day before had come out in
 favor of a quick timetable that would probably preclude hearing from most of
 the scandal's key figures. And it is the Senate, the papers remind, which
 controls how an impeachment trial will proceed. The NYT reports that
 House managers and some House Republican aides said they were stunned and
 angered by Lott's disinclination to call witnesses. One is quoted as calling it
 "a slap in the face of the House."

            The NYT says that all the House managers agree on the necessity of
 witnesses, whereas both the WP and LAT mention that one of their
 number holds they should be called only if absolutely necessary.

            The WP off-lead breaks an exclusive: A little-known national security
 boutique firm called Vector, which went under last fall and whose president was
 a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, is being investigated by
 several federal agencies.
