
   
   
      
         
            Sovereign of the Sleaze

            The Los
 Angeles Times lead predicts the U.S. economy will falter in 1999. The
 top national story at the Washington Post says that Senate Republicans differ on how
 to conduct the impeachment trial of President Clinton. The New York Times
 leads with big business' drive to obtain credit for cuts in waste gas
 emissions.

            An ursine LAT lead says the economy is headed for big trouble in
 1999. Reasons include: 1) political uncertainty in Washington, 2) a record-high
 stock market, 3) economic instability in Latin America, and 4) a squeeze on
 corporate profits. Seems like a safe prediction for a paper to make: if the
 LAT is correct, they can scream "I told you so," but if another year
 passes with no economic downturn will readers be reminded of this lead
 story?

            The WP lead reports that the GOP is split on how to proceed with
 impeachment hearings. The two main factions are Trent Lott's bipartisans, who
 favor a streamlined approach, and a conservative group that wants a full Senate
 trial with witnesses and detailed testimony. Lott's approach calls for an early
 vote on whether Clinton's crimes merit removal from office. If less than
 two-thirds think they do, the Senate would close the impeachment trial and
 begin considering censure. Conservative senators and House prosecutors feel
 that a full-scale trial is the only way for the Senate to make a valid judgment
 and perform its Constitutional duty. The WP sees the intra-party rift as
 "a crucial test of [Lott's] own and possibly his party's political future."

            The NYT lead reports that, with Senate approval of a global-warming
 treaty pending, major corporations are spearheading legislation that would
 ensure they receive credit for cutbacks they have made in gas emissions over
 the last few years. The Times thinks that passage of such legislation
 would soften Senate resistance to the treaty and help align industrial and
 environmental goals.
