
   
   
      
         
            Missing in Action

            The WP and NYT lead with the run-up to Thursday's start of the Senate
 impeachment trial. The LAT goes with yesterday's air action in the southern
 "no-fly" zone over Iraq between U.S. and Iraqi fighters. And USAT, which
 devotes its front-page "cover story" to the eve-of-trial situation in the
 Senate, leads with a survey out today of 213 companies showing that large
 firms' health benefit plans will go up about 7 percent this year, far outpacing
 the current inflation rate of 1.5 percent and making for the first big rise
 since the early 90s. The paper says the up-tick is primarily driven by the
 consolidation of HMOs, and that it's bad news for employees, who typically pay
 more than 20 percent of the cost of their coverage. The health cost story runs
 inside at the WP .

            According to the papers, the only thing that's really known about the
 impeachment trial proceedings scheduled to start in the Senate on Thursday is
 that they're scheduled to start in the Senate on Thursday. Comments made by
 senators in breaks from yesterday's continuous palavering suggest that the fast
 track proposal is, in the words of the NYT , "foundering," with a number
 of Senate Republicans bucking their leadership to complain that the House
 managers are entitled to more time to make their case against President
 Clinton. According to the WP , Rep. Henry Hyde, the leader of the House
 impeachment team, also weighed in with Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott
 against a fast track. A related fault line is whether or not the proceedings
 should include the calling of witnesses. On the one hand, a trial without
 witnesses seems odd and on the other, there is concern that with a full slate
 of witnesses, the Senate cannot avoid the rancor just seen in the House. "We
 think that would really become a zoo," Sen. John Kerry tells the Times .
 Another issue is whether the Senate is constitutionally empowered to consider
 censure.
