
   
   
      
         
            Witless for the Prosecution

            Everybody leads with the emerging ground rules for the Senate impeachment
 trial that starts today. The headlines emphasize various aspects of what's in
 the works. The Washington Post big print stresses the likelihood of live
 testimony, particularly that of Monica Lewinsky. The New York Times
 headline dwells on the probability of a "full trial" leading to a vote on the
 two articles of impeachment. The Los Angeles
 Times header says the new Congress is in "turmoil" and claims that the
 trial may "eclipse all public business." And the USA Today
 headline says a short trial is unlikely.

            According to the papers, what is emerging from yesterday's full shift of
 Senate pre-trial conferences is a trial of some weeks' length that will lead
 not to a censure vote, but to an up or down vote on the specific charges the
 House brought against Bill Clinton, perjury before a grand jury and obstruction
 of justice. A trial that will probably include live witnesses. As the papers
 went to bed, the witness question remained unresolved, but indications are that
 a list of between 8 and 15 persons to be subpoenaed will be approved.

            But apparently the procedural discussions are far from over. For instance,
 the WP reports that the White House or Senate Democrats might start out
 the trial by offering a motion to dismiss, requiring only a simple majority to
 prevail. The paper also observes that if the House trial managers get to call
 live witnesses, the White House may want to do so as well, with Linda Tripp and
 Lucianne Goldberg the most likely candidates. The Wall Street Journal also makes this point, but quotes Sen.
 Christopher Dodd saying that once the door is open to calling witnesses, the
 danger is that the Senate yields control of the proceedings to the White House
 and the House GOP. The NYT reports that Clinton's lawyers have offered
 to stipulate to certain evidence in return for an abbreviated trial.
