
   
   
      
         
            Trial and Error

            Day 1 of the Senate impeachment trial leads all around. The coverage
 reflects the event's two contrasting sides: Austere formal procedures cloaking
 raucous partisan disputes. The LAT especially emphasizes the rigmarole, with
 the top half of its story sprinkled with time hacks and scene-setting ("A few
 minutes after 10 A.M., Rep. Henry J. Hyde of Illinois, leader of a 13-member
 House GOP team that will present the case against Clinton, entered through the
 chamber's back double-doors.") and a top-front featuring a magisterial wide
 shot of Chief Justice Rehnquist swearing in the senators as jurors. But in all
 the papers the in-fighting eventually prevails--it may be a very old sausage
 recipe, but they're still making sausage. The House managers and many Senate
 Republicans want a plan that allows the calling of witnesses, while most
 Democrats and the White House want one that does not. The attendant
 complications make it seem that this could well turn out to be the trial of
 two centuries.

            At times the papers' tick-tocks descend into such inside baseball that it's
 unfathomable that they're of any interest to any reader who's not a member of
 the Senate. Thus we find the NYT reporting, "At this point Daschle said
 he was learning for the first time, in phone calls from puzzled Democrats, that
 he was being blamed for blocking the bipartisan caucus. 'I was flabbergasted,'
 Daschle said. 'I didn't know about any plans for any meeting.'" The leadership
 finally agreed to a closed meeting today of all 100 senators to try and iron
 out the trial's procedural rules. None of the papers, by the way, explains how
 it can be that the entire Senate can go into closed session. What is there to
 prevent the Senate from doing the whole trial in closed session? Or for that
 matter, all the rest of its business? The papers don't say.

            The UNSCOM/US espionage story, broken two days ago by the WP and
 Boston Globe , appears to have legs.
