
   
   
      
         
            The Underhyped Internet
            

            Dear Joe,

            First, I wanted to assure you that I never discriminate against straight
 white men. In fact, some of my best friends are of your ilk.

            Thanks for the good wishes about the wedding. I had no idea that it had
 become an important Silicon Valley event--it had fewer Internet moguls who
 could give out lucrative friends-and-family stock than it had family. For the
 record, I didn't take any stock as a wedding gift. Frankly, I think all the
 hubbub about the event was due to the fact that few have seen an actual
 same-sex marriage up close and would not want to miss the opportunity. After
 the 123rd one, I am sure that people will become as thrilled about
 going to one as they are about heterosexual nuptials. ("Honey, not another
 lesbian wedding? We're going to go broke buying all these power tools.")

            I hope so, although I was not heartened by an article I read this morning in
 the Los Angeles Times about the fact that despite numerous hate crimes
 laws on the books, few are being implemented by police, who appear to decline
 to report obvious hate crimes as such. The first example, of a West African man
 being beaten up by a skinhead who didn't like the color of his skin, was only
 eclipsed in horror by the story of a man who had his head split in half and was
 "roasted" by a man who claimed the victim had made a pass at him. I am not sure
 when a simple "No, thanks" fell out of a favor for more brutal solutions. Both
 crimes, shockingly, were not reported as hate crimes.

            It is certainly disheartening, but I have hope--which brings me to the
 Internet, which I am thrilled to talk about all day and night. In fact, I do,
 since my partner is the CEO of an Internet company called PlanetOut, which is
 one of the largest gay and lesbian sites on the Web. I report all day about the
 Internet, and then go home and talk about it even more. Perhaps you could call
 me a loser, but I have never been so captivated by a medium in my life.
