
   
   
      
         
            Barr Exam

            The New York Times ,
 Los
 Angeles Times and Washington Post each lead with the initial brief filings in
 the impeachment trial. The Wall Street Journal flags the story in its front page news
 box. The headlines at the two Times and the Journal stress the
 offering by President Clinton of his defense, while the Post big type
 explains that the paperwork dumped on the Senate includes arguments from both
 sides. USA
 Today runs its Clinton defense story as the off-lead and goes instead
 with Michael Jordan's imminent retirement, a story that rates big front play at
 the NYT and a reefer at the LAT . Another sports story dominates
 much of the rest of the USAT front: the wildly accelerating prices
 sports franchises are fetching. For the price--$800 million--that the
 Washington Redskins brought over the weekend, you could, notes the paper, buy a
 space shuttle flight, or Avis or Rolls-Royce.

            The upshot of the White House filing is that the charges do not rise to the
 level of "high crimes and misdemeanors," while the thrust of the House
 managers' brief is that if President Clinton's transgressions aren't
 impeachable, then no president not a convicted felon or murderer need ever fear
 impeachment in the future. It's noted all around that the White House has added
 a more aggressive wrinkle to its posture: now claiming that it's a "myth" that
 Clinton did not tell the grand jury the truth about his relationship with
 Monica Lewinsky. Dissembling about that relationship was confined to the Paula
 Jones trial deposition, which as it happens, is no longer an issue because the
 article of impeachment concerning it was not passed.

            Everybody notes that with the impeachment trial set to start Thursday,
 President Clinton eschewed the usual joint press conference alongside visiting
 Argentine President Carlos Menem. And both the NYT and WP note
 that the congressional wood shop has been busy building new tables especially
 for the trial.
