
   
   
      
         
            Jury Dullification

            Day One of the Senate impeachment trial leads all around. Banner headlines
 are the order of the day. The LAT and NYT headlines focus the most on President
 Clinton's alleged conduct, with the former citing charges of "perjury" and
 "obstruction," and the latter charges of "egregious and criminal conduct."
 USAT's big print emphasizes procedure, with "Prosecutors: Call Witnesses
 Against Clinton." The WP header combines form and substance with "Prosecutors
 Lay Out Clinton's 'Scheme'" running over a reference to their request for
 witnesses. But only the NYT headline mentions what this is all
 about--the House's attempt to remove Clinton from office.

            The WSJ observes that three of the four House prosecutors who spoke
 yesterday have substantial courtroom experience with the Justice Dept or as
 local prosecutors, and that they emphasized the more difficult to prove of the
 two impeachment articles, obstruction of justice.

            The NYT excels today at focusing on clear detail. The paper notes a
 new argument from prosecutor Rep. James Sensenbrenner on the topic of whether
 or not perjury counts as a high crime or misdemeanor, namely that bribery is
 listed as a high crime and under federal sentencing guidelines, perjury and
 bribery carry the same penalty. Also, it's the NYT that makes the
 striking point that despite all the day's presentations and those to come, the
 rules of impeachment leave senators "free to vote as they choose for whatever
 reasons they cho[o]se or for no stated reason at all, without regard to the
 usual rules of evidence."

            Among the House members who pressed the case against Clinton, The NYT
 gives the highest marks to Rep. Asa Hutchinson. The Times says
 Hutchinson made some fresh points out of familiar details, and then the paper
 clearly states them: 1) In response to the White House claim that any help
 given to Monica Lewinsky in her job search was not a quid pro quo because the
 help preceded Lewinsky's role in the Paula Jones case, Hutchinson showed how
 nonetheless the job search assistance effort became markedly more urgent once
 she did have such a role; 2) To the White House claim that President Clinton
 could not have been attempting to sway Betty Currie's testimony because his odd
 conversation with her took place before she was called as a witness, Hutchinson
 observed that Clinton had just been questioned at length in the Jones
 deposition about Currie and hence it was clear to him then that she was likely
