
   
   
      
         
            Trial By Ice

            The Washington Post jilts impeachment to lead with local
 weather--a massive ice storm that knocked out power throughout the capital
 area. But electricity still crackled through the Senate chambers; lead stories
 at the New York Times and the Los Angeles
 Times (and the off-lead of the WP ) report that House Republicans
 told the Senate that Monica Lewinsky's testimony was more credible than
 President Clinton's, and turned up the pressure for calling witnesses.

            House prosecutors produced no breakthroughs Friday as they slowly pounded in
 their case. The NYT notes high-up that Rep. Bill McCollum, Friday's main
 speaker, was the first to break out sexually explicit terminology. McCollum
 also challenged the Senate to call Monica Lewinsky, Bettie Currie, Vernon
 Jordan, and even the President as witnesses. Tellingly, speculation is shifting
 from whether there will be witnesses to who they will be. Clinton is
 certainly on the wish-list of some House Republicans.

            Diversion from the eight-hour slog, gladly noted by all the papers, was
 senator Tom Harkin's late-afternoon objection to the House's repeated
 references to the senators as "jurors." The Senate is not a mute jury,
 maintained Harkin--it can set rules and make motions too. Chief Justice William
 Rehnquist agreed and set the House scrambling for linguistic innovation.
 Harkin's point, say the papers, was highly symbolic: The Democrats stress that
 the Senate is not merely making an innocent or guilty verdict, but also passing
 judgment on the import of the crime.

            The majors' editorial pages keep pounding the House. An NYT editorial perseveres in its "irrelevancy" campaign
 against Clinton's removal and shudders, "It is hard to imagine how the
 appearance of Ms. Lewinsky or Ms. Currie could galvanize the Senate to convict
 Clinton." A WP editorial moans that the "mind-numbing" House
 speeches "do more to inure the viewer to the president's offensive conduct than
 all the tortured arguments his various lawyers can muster.
