
   
   
      
         
            Saigon, Flanders, the Magna Carta, and Henry Hyde

            All three papers--the Washington Post , the Los Angeles
 Times , and the New York
 Times --lead with the hyperbolic rhetoric of the House prosecutors as
 they closed their argument on day three of the Senate impeachment trial. The
 House Saturday rammed home its point that Clinton's alleged lying meets the
 standard of "high crimes and misdemeanors" and is not the sex-sullied
 triviality that the Clinton defense team contends. The Senate (and the papers)
 give high marks to Rep. Lindsey Graham, who made the pertinent point that
 perjury has dethroned judges in past impeachment trials. Rep. Henry "Hotshot
 Historian" Hyde wrapped up the day with grandiose allusions to our forefathers.
 Hyde intoned, "If we [view Clinton as above the law], we break faith with our
 ancestors from Bunker Hill, Lexington and Concord to Flanders fields, Normandy,
 Iwo Jima, Panmunjon, Saigon, and Desert Storm." Separately he invoked the Magna
 Carta, the Ten Commandments, Roman Law, the Gettysburg Address, and the Spirit
 of '76.

            The NYT front page analysis spotlights the (predictable) shattering
 of the bipartisanship illusion, a theme that resonates throughout today's
 coverage. The partisan rancor was symbolically illustrated Saturday when Senate
 Majority Leader Trent Lott penned a letter to Minority Leader Tom Daschle
 proposing the formation of a bipartisan group to map out potential witnesses.
 Daschle icily rejected the idea as premature.

            The reigning consensus after day three is that the House did a surprisingly
 good job, and the burden now shifts to the Clinton defense team to forestall
 witnesses. The Clintonites will have to improve on their vague snipes of the
 last three days; Saturday Clinton lawyers railed against the House and invoked
 the the "interests of the American people" refrain.

            An illuminating piece inside the WP article reports that foreign countries are jumping on the lucrative anti-tobacco
 bandwagon and suing U.
