
   
   
      
         
            Two Scoops!

            The New York
 Times leads with the day's biggest scoop. President Clinton's State of
 the Union address will introduce a carrot-and-stick funding program to improve
 elementary and secondary schools. The Washington Post leads with a scooplet--the
 president's lawyers will challenge some of the facts gathered by Kenneth Starr.
 The 
               Los Angeles
 Times
               , 
               USA
 Today
               , and Wall Street Journal have no scoops at all, and
 are left to report what the senators said on Sunday's political talk shows.
 (The WP informs that fully one-fifth of the Senate--19
 senators--appeared on the Sunday shows.)

            The NYT's State of the Union article--which may of course prove to be
 a trial balloon--says that Clinton wants to tie federal funds to whether
 schools test their teachers. So-called "social promotions"--promoting
 unqualified students from grade to grade so they stay with their peers--will be
 discouraged as well. Finally, Clinton and his speechwriters also intend to
 discuss Social Security, unveil a plan to safeguard Russia's nukes, and beef up
 US defenses against biological weapons attacks. The president's speech
 (scheduled for Tuesday) will not directly address his legal troubles since he
 hopes to shift voters' attentions away from the impeachment trial. Predictably,
 the NYT story is sourced to "White House officials" and "aides" in the
 first few paragraphs; oddly enough, it quotes Bruce Reed (Clinton's chief
 domestic policy advisor) by name at the end.

            The WP reports that the president's lawyers plan on a "fact-driven"
 defense, which means challenging the Starr report's specific allegations rather
 than arguing that none of the allegations warrant removal. All papers report
 that most senators expect witnesses to be called. Democratic senators are
 threatening to call Kenneth Starr as a witness.

            The international lead is that the Yugoslav army is attacking the town in
 Kosovo where 45 ethnic Albanians were executed on Friday.
