
   
   
      
         
            Mills for Their Grist

            Defense, of two different kinds, dominates today. The Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times go with Wednesday's effort before the Senate by President
 Clinton's defense team. And the New York Times
 and USA
 Today go with the U.S.' renewed interest in erecting a missile defense
 system.

            The papers report that the Clinton lawyers yesterday waged an aggressive
 attack on the perjury and obstruction of justice charges lodged against their
 client. The day's arguments are widely seen as a continuation of the Clinton
 team's willingness to not only question whether the prosecution's facts mandate
 impeachment but also to question the facts themselves. But for the most part
 the coverage makes it clear that the weapon of the day was nonetheless not the
 scalpel but the broad brush.

            The papers' consensus star of the day, Clinton attorney Cheryl Mills (the
 papers want whenever possible to have heroes and villains and they love new
 faces), responded to the House prosecutors' charge that Clinton had violated
 Paula Jones' civil rights with what the LAT calls a "spirited defense"
 of Clinton's civil rights record, referring along the way to Bill Clinton's
 shopkeeper grandfather's penchant for selling to blacks when few whites would.
 Mills also put her client firmly in the civil rights pantheon of Abraham
 Lincoln, John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King. The WP plays Mills'
 civil rights salute high, while the NYT puts it at
 the very bottom of its account. The LAT also plays it high, but then
 late in its story flatly states that in making this response "Mills strayed
 considerably from the facts of the case." And the Post dings Mills for
 saying that the Jones case was thrown out without mentioning that the president
 paid $850,000 to make it go away.

            All the papers report that Pat Robertson said Clinton's State of the Union
 speech was a "home run," mooting his impeachment.
