
   
   
      
         
            Pontifficating

            All the majors lead with the last day of the White House's defense in the
 Senate and lavish most of their attention on the concluding speech given by
 former Arkansas senator Dale Bumpers.

            The consensus is that Bumpers' aw-shucks style and his rhetorical flourishes
 were viewed by the Senate audience as a refreshing contrast to the lawyerly
 nit-picking (such as that displayed by Clinton private attorney David Kendall,
 who also spoke yesterday) that had heretofore carried the day. The New York
 Times 's R.W. Apple assesses Bumpers' effort as "rare eloquence" and the
 Los
 Angeles Times calls it an "extraordinary appeal." The Washington Post plays high Bumpers' challenge to the Senate
 not to vote for impeachment in order to avoid heightening people's alienation
 from their government. The NYT plays this much lower. The papers note
 that Bumpers made no effort to defend President Clinton's conduct, calling it
 "indefensible, outrageous, unforgivable, shameless." The LAT goes high
 with Bumpers' view that nonetheless, Clinton's actions "do not even come close
 to being an impeachable offense" because they were not "political offenses
 against the state."

            The NYT notes Bumpers' observation that Clinton should have thought
 about the consequences of his actions beforehand. But the paper leaves out what
 happened next, which is however reported by the WP : Bumpers pointed at
 his former colleagues, saying, "Just as you and you and you and you, and
 millions of other people who have been caught in similar circumstances, should
 have thought of it before." The Post is also alone in noting that
 Bumpers broke new ground for President Clinton's defenders by explicitly citing
 Clinton's high poll numbers as a reason to acquit.

            The coverage suggests that in the wake of Bumpers, momentum is building
 among senators to press for a quick resolution of the trial, even to the point
 of omitting all witnesses.
