
   
   
      
         
            Return of the Screw

            Yesterday's sideshow--Ken Starr asking a judge to make Monica Lewinsky talk
 to the House managers--takes center stage at the papers today because the judge
 agreed, bringing Lewinsky back to the town that knew her when.

            The Washington Post has a one-deck banner ("Judge Orders
 Lewinsky to Cooperate") about the resulting "uproar," the latest one to
 distract senators. Yesterday's uproar was prompted by Sen. Robert Byrd, who
 said he would introduce a motion to dismiss next week. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with a sensational two decks across four columns ("Judge
 Orders Lewinsky to Meet Prosecutors; Senate in Turmoil") over a lead describing
 a "storm of partisan fire" in the Senate. Both papers seem caught up by the
 senatorial confusion and the drama of Lewinsky jetting back into the capital as
 the ruling was issued. The New York Times plays it much more calmly; the
 one-column lead story sees "turmoil" but holds the line at full uproariness.
 The NYT is most clear in describing why Lewinsky was so summarily
 ordered to talk: Her immunity agreement not only said specifically that she
 must cooperate with "congressional proceedings," but also that she talk to
 Starr's attorneys before "representatives of other institutions" if she's asked
 to. She'll be doing the talking today, the papers say.

            The continuation of the question period in the Senate trial is the second
 story in the NYT . R.W. Apple has what may or may not turn out to be a
 significant chink in the Republican armor: House manager Lindsey Graham's
 concession that "Reasonable people can disagree on what we should do [i.e.,
 convict or not]." The WP is more interested in Trent Lott's efforts to
 keep the Republican forces in line. You have to read a while in all the papers
 before you find out that no one thinks Byrd's motion will pass when he makes
 it. The WP is good on the reasons for the Democrats' dyspeptic reaction
 to the trial managers' Lewinsky gambit: they view it as a violation of the
 supposed bipartisan agreement worked out before the Senate trial.
