
   
   
      
         
            Max Senate Comedy

            The impeachment trial continues to lead all around. Today's big story is the
 Senate's closed-door debate of a motion to summarily dismiss the charges
 against President Clinton. The debate went until nearly 10 PM Washington time
 last night and will continue again today. The secret session came about after a
 motion to hold all impeachment deliberations in open session was defeated. The
 New York Times
 lead editorial calls the shuttered approach "an affront to the public."

            The papers report that with the matter of whether or not to call witnesses
 hanging in the balance, much of yesterday was taken up by senators trying to
 gin up a fast-track strategy that would bring the proceedings to a close
 expeditiously without witnesses. But, say the papers, none has the votes yet.
 And so the Senate Republicans are encouraging the House Republican managers to
 cut down their proposed witness list. The Washington Post says the House team appears ready to do so,
 with a list including Vernon Jordan, Betty Currie, and White House aides John
 Podesta and Sidney Blumenthal. The NYT says the House managers are
 leaning toward calling Jordan and away from calling Currie. The Post
 adds that there has been some interest in calling Dick Morris, whom the paper
 reveals, was debriefed by prosecution staffers on Sunday. But in the end, says
 the paper, such interest waned. One wonders why, given that the WP says
 one of the things Morris had to say in his dry run was that President Clinton
 expressed concern to Morris about the gifts he'd given Lewinsky.

            The NYT , WP and Los Angeles
 Times all report that Trent Lott submitted ten questions to President
 Clinton, and that the White House says neither Clinton nor anybody else there
 will provide answers. The LAT sees the stonewall as a sign that Clinton
 is confident he'll win the case.

            The papers report that one idea being kicked around by senators is one vote
 on whether the charges against Clinton are true and another on whether he
 should thereby be removed from office.
