
   
   
      
         
            Dish of Currie!

            Chatterbox hears that the lawyer for Clinton secretary Betty Currie was
 irritated that President Clinton overplayed Currie's initial denial of the Feb.
 6 New York Times story regarding her testimony before Kenneth Starr's
 grand jury....If you recall, Lawrence Wechsler, Currie's attorney, issued a
 statement saying she was not "aware" of any legal or ethical impropriety.
 Apparently the idea (see Chatterbox for 2/18) was to leave open the possibility
 that others might interpret the facts, as Currie told them, to involve an
 impropriety. Clinton immediately seized on the statement and declared to the
 press that he was "pleased that Ms. Currie's lawyers stated
 unambiguously--unambiguously--that she's not aware of any unethical
 conduct."... Since Clinton also used the "aware" fuzzword, it's not clear what
 Wechsler found so irritating. Perhaps he was more annoyed at White House
 spinners, who turned Currie's statements into a denial that she' d been in any
 way coached....But, hey, if Wechsler is irritated, Chatterbox is
 irritated....

            
               The big question in Washington at this point in time: Did Clinton use
 Jesse Jackson to "get to" Currie and convince her not to contradict the
 president in her testimony?... Jackson was the one who contacted Currie when
 panicked White House officials couldn't locate her early in the scandal. (She
 wasn't at work because she was testifying to Starr!) Today's Washington
 Post says Jackson "has provided spiritual counseling to Currie...in recent
 weeks." Last Friday's New York Times reported that Jackson "seemed
 uncomfortable when asked about his relationship with Mrs. Currie"....But
 Jackson is also quoted in the Post as doubting that Currie would have
 acted on her own volition when she asked Vernon Jordan to get Monica Lewinsky a
 job. That tends to undermine Clinton's case... Is Jackson actually planning
 Sister Souljah's revenge?...

            
               All the heat on Currie makes Chatterbox think: Was the sprawling,
 seemingly loony essay by Henry Louis "Skip the Truth" Gates Jr.
