
   
   
      
         
            Defensive End

            When will Kenneth Starr end his prosecution of President Clinton? No time
 soon, reports the New York Times lead. With conviction by the Senate
 unlikely, Starr now contends that the president can legally be indicted while
 he still holds office. His indictment could remain under secret seal, and a
 trial would almost certainly be postponed until his term expires in 2001. The
 unnamed sources ("associates" of the independent counsel) also allege that
 Starr's decision to indict will be unaffected by the outcome of the Senate
 trial. The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the White House's furious reaction: "Somebody
 ought to tell [Starr] he's not the 101st senator."

            The Times story reiterates that Starr doesn't consider his mandate at
 all eroded by public disapproval: "Prosecutors do not take polls to decide what
 to do," insists one source. The LAT and the Washington Post front the latest of these poll results: the
 LAT reports that 49% of Americans favor censure, and 46% think the
 charges should be dropped altogether (what do the other 5% want-- removal? The
 paper doesn't say). The Post poll is less dramatic, finding that 60% of
 respondents support censure but 33% support conviction and removal. A
 front-page news analysis in the Post explains how historical vanity
 could induce both parties in the Senate to unite around censure. Censuring the
 President would make Republican senators look firm and responsible but also
 pragmatic and unpetty. And censure would let Democrats distance themselves from
 the tawdriness of the President's misdeeds while still preserving the requisite
 modicum of party loyalty.

            The Post reports inside that conservative activist Gary Bauer will
 announce his nascent Presidential candidacy on this morning's talk show
 circuit. Bauer is a formidable fundraiser with an extensive grassroots
 network-- in the last election cycle, over 90,000 supporters pledged an average
 of $35 to his PAC.
