
   
   
      
         
            All Hail, Hussein

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the imminent death of Jordan's beloved King
 Hussein, who is brain-dead and on a life support system in Jordan. The New York
 Times and the Washington Post go with impeachment analyses--the WP
 assesses the Democrats' intensifying press for censure, while the NYT
 replays Witness Week and finds no progress for the House managers. The
 witnesses, concludes the Times , essentially stood by their grand jury
 testimony and offered no dramatic or mind-changing revelations.

            The WP story says that Sens. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif) and Robert
 Bennett (R-Utah) are lobbying both parties hard for a tough censure motion.
 Among those expressing reservations is Sen. Gordon Smith (R-Ore), who opined
 that the censure language may be "harder to nail down than Jello to a barn
 door." That's for sure--Feinstein and Bennett are on draft number 17 (and
 counting) of the motion. But Feinstein, as a front-page LAT article
 explains, is determined. She was among the first Democrats to openly condemn
 the President's conduct and she has nudged the censure option along from
 initial ostracism to near-popularity.

            The papers agree that the previews of the Lewinsky testimony--videotaped
 portions of which will be played to an open Senate Saturday--show the young
 woman as a poised, ironical, occasionally even sassy witness who handily
 outmaneuvers her stumbling interrogators. ("Question: Do you think he's [the
 President's] a very intelligent man? Deft answer: I think he's an intelligent
 president.")

            The LAT 's front-page spread on Hussein reports that Jordan is in deep
 mourning already, with people hovering in dread beside their television sets to
 await official word. Reports are that the King's family will not remove his
 life support system so his death could come in hours or days. Hussein coverage
 also dominates at the Post and the NYT . All the papers mull the
 Jordanian succession--the WP warns of "deep anxiety, here [in Jordan]
 and abroad, about the stability of the relatively small and defenseless
 kingdom.
