
   
   
      
         
            Monica Unmasked

            The video appearance by Monica Lewinsky leads at the Los Angeles
 Times and the New
 York Times . The Washington Post runs an across-the-top feature on the
 fertile subject of D.C. bureaucracy and plays impeachment as a lead just
 beneath. Predictably, Lewinsky's excerpted deposition, as well as those of
 Vernon Jordan and Sidney Blumenthal, got melded into the Senate spin machine:
 House managers claimed that the videotaped testimony bolstered their case while
 White House lawyers asserted exactly the opposite. (Said Clinton lawyer Nicole
 Seligman, "We must have attended a different deposition.") Consensus: The
 airing of the videotapes did little or nothing to change senators'
 opinions.

            Even Monica Lewinsky's physical appearance provoked partisan variance: Sen.
 Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) described her as "vulnerable, youthful, and very young."
 Other Republicans, loath to abandon their image of a manipulated young lady,
 echoed his spin. The papers however uniformly present Lewinsky as confident and
 articulate, even seemingly older than her 25 years. The NYT, which headlines
 one story "She's Nobody's Little Niece, Thank You," gives a thumbs-up
 to Monica's get-up: "A sensible suit, pearls, heavy makeup, and a
 semi-lacquered hairdo."

            In an inside-Washington sideshow covered by "Chatterbox,"
 British journalist Christopher Hitchens submitted an
 affidavit to House investigators contradicting parts of Sidney Blumenthal's
 deposition. Blumenthal, a senior Clinton aide, testified that he had never told
 reporters that Clinton thought Lewinsky a "stalker." Hitchens however alleges
 that Blumenthal used this characterization of Lewinsky several times during a
 lunch discussion they had last March. House investigators, according to the
 NYT , received a phone call after Blumenthal testified suggesting that
 they call Hitchens, which led to the affidavit.

            All papers front the update from Jordan: The Jordanian cabinet voted
 yesterday to transfer power to Crown Prince Abdullah as King Hussein lay
 unconscious, hours or days from death and sustained only by a respirator.
