
   
   
      
         
            Barnes and Ignoble

            The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with the Senate's commencement of closed-door
 impeachment deliberations. USA Today reefers the Senate doings (to a story
 running on page 11) and goes instead with the report on the Salt Lake City
 Olympics bid turned in by an independent ethics panel, which found more than $1
 million in funny money and implicated as many as 10 International Olympic
 members (in addition to the 14 already fingered). The paper reports a
 significant reaction to the muck raked thus far: John Hancock Insurance has
 dropped plans for placing $20 million in Olympic ads with NBC. The Olympics
 report gets prominent front play at the other majors. The Washington Post leads with the deterioration of Russia's
 early warning defense against nuclear missile attack, which the paper says, has
 gotten to the point that for several hours each day, Russian military
 commanders cannot see any of the thousands of land- and sub-based missiles
 aimed at them. The upshot is a much increased risk that the Russians would make
 a "serious miscalculation." That's tech-speak for "accidentally blow the world
 up." The paper follows up inside with a fascinating interview with the former
 Russian officer who decided on a hunch that an apparent Sept. 1983 American
 ICBM attack was a false alarm and so didn't start World War III.

            The NYT , citing unnamed senators as sources, says that in closed
 session (the result of a sunshine motion missing the required two-thirds by
 eight votes), senators spoke one at a time for or against the two impeachment
 articles. The mood, says the NYT , was somber and without partisan
 sniping, but the speeches were almost all along party lines. The LAT
 lead quotes one senator saying that each of his colleagues to speak thus far
 has used up his full fifteen minutes. The NYT explains its access to
 senators' versions of the day by stating that although Senate rules forbid the
 lawmakers from divulging what occurs in closed session, senators had voted in
 open session to allow each other to essentially reiterate what they said behind
 closed doors.
