
   
   
      
         
            Clinton's Back On Drugs

            The LAT, NYT and WP lead with President Clinton's quickie trip to Mexico for
 a meeting with President Ernesto Zedillo that focused mostly on the two
 countries' future plans for combating drug trafficking. USAT puts Clinton in
 Mexico on page nine, leading instead with the Army's expected announcement
 today that it will initiate the creation of quick response "strike forces" of
 3,000 to 5,000 troops to ultimately replace its current World War II-era
 organization based on divisions of between 12,000 and 15,000 soldiers. The new
 smaller units will be designed to better meet the exigencies of post-Cold War
 threats and scenarios. One issue not decided yet, says the paper, is whether
 the time-honored names and insignia of current divisions will survive in the
 new scheme.

            The backdrop to the Clinton trip is the continuing skepticism in Washington
 about the vigor of Mexico's prosecution of the drug war. The papers take
 Clinton's remarks yesterday that Mexico should not be penalized for its
 performance in this area to mean that he plans to recommend later this month
 that Congress again certify the country as a reliable anti-drug partner.
 Failure to do so, explain the NYT and LAT , would mean possible
 trade sanctions against Mexico and a frosting of relations between the two
 countries.

            The visit also addressed non-drug matters, the papers report. The two
 presidents signed agreements to increase air travel between their countries, to
 suppress the spread of tuberculosis, and to improve communications between law
 enforcement on both sides of the border to cut down on migrant death and
 injury. And according to the two Times , both Clinton and Zedillo, in
 their only public appearance of the visit, cited the success of NAFTA. In true
 Beltway fashion, the WP spends most of its lead discussing the visit's
 domestic political angle--that for the first time in more than a year, Clinton
 can undertake a foreign trip without being dogged by scandal.
