
   
   
      
         
            Hillary and Rudy: The Coming Mud Bath
            

            Dear Jodi,

            I came back from lunch in such a merry mood (and, no, the lunch wasn't the
 three-martini kind), brimming over with joy that we live in a land so bountiful
 that the Republicans in Congress can give away $792 billion. Then I got your
 e-mail and my heart sank. Jodi, do you really find Rudy Giuliani a "complex and
 appealing guy"? Are all your friends really hyper for Hillary--thrilled that
 the first lady will bless the lucky voters of New York with her divine
 presence?

            Maybe I should have sensed the warning signs yesterday when you partially
 praised Giuliani's
 there-will-be-no-public-information-given-to-the-press-while-I'm-mayor media
 strategy. Now, I will admit that I voted for Rudy in the 1997 mayoral election
 based on the premise that the drastic improvement of life in New York
 outweighed his obvious personality flaws. But, Jodi, surely you will agree with
 me that temperament alone (not to mention his future vote to re-elect Trent
 Lott as Senate majority leader) makes Giuliani cosmically ill-suited to serve
 in a legislative body, especially since he would be required to work and play
 well with others.

            You also find me jaded because I fail to grasp the "promise" of a
 Hillary-Rudy Senate race. Jodi, do you really expect a high-minded debate on
 public housing and the plight of upstate dairy farmers? The Giuliani-Clinton
 campaign would be fought out on your TV screen with dueling negative ads about
 Whitewater billing records and police brutality. Such a down-and-dirty contest
 would make last year's Schumer-D'Amato mud bath seem like Periclean Athens in
 comparison.

            What politically would interest me? How about a presidential race between
 Bill Bradley and John McCain? As a political reporter, I desperately long to
 watch two candidates with enough self-confidence and authenticity to resist the
 prefabricated political dictates of the campaign consultants.
