
   
   
      
         
            Bear Butts and Ballots

            Mars is still the biggest story, but shares the spotlight today with some
 international developments. The saga of the NASA mission leads the Washington Post and is the USA TODAY cover
 story, but moves over to top center front in the New York Times, which
 leads instead with developments in Cambodia, the story which also tops the
 Wall Street Journal's front non-financial news column. The
 Mexico City election is top of the page left at the Post and (naturally
 enough, given its large Mexican-American readership) leads at the Los Angeles
 Times.

            The Mars coverage is dominated by depictions of the excitement inside
 mission headquarters and of the various features of the planet that are about
 to be investigated. The Post describes a "geological cornucopia" there,
 which the paper says, includes a topographical feature resembling "the backside
 of a bear." (How would the scientists or the reporter know?) Just in case you
 were wondering if there was political correctness on Mars, both the NYT
 and USAT state that the rover vehicle Sojourner is not so-called because
 of its function, but is actually named for the black abolitionist Sojourner
 Truth.

            
               USAT describes the mission's $266 million cost as "bargain-basement,"
 but redeems itself by being singularly sensitive to NASA's PR efforts, noting
 that the mission team had been "coached on how to respond to possible questions
 from reporters about little green men or the 'face on Mars' (neither of which
 came up). They were instructed how to avoid using acronyms and [about] what
 sort of clothes look best on camera."

            The Mexico City election is news because it's the first one there in 68
 years and because the winner is a longtime opponent of the party that has
 dominated the country's corrupt politics for generations. The vote is being
 widely viewed as the cleanest in the nation's history. And political reformers
 north of the border, take note: The NYT reports that "some foreign news
 broadcasts to Mexico were halted.
