
   
   
      
         
            Takedown Ticktock

            The Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the U.S. and its European allies putting diplomatic
 pressure on both Yugoslavia and ethnic Albanian leaders to accept a peace
 accord regarding Kosovo province before a Saturday deadline, while making
 preparations for NATO airstrikes in case they don't. The New York Times
 doesn't front Kosovo, its lead instead illustrating another step America is
 taking from an investigation of government to a government of investigation
 with the news that the DOJ is considering appointing a special prosecutor to
 inquire into charges of misconduct by Kenneth Starr. USA Today
 fronts neither story and leads instead with word that any day now, the EPA will
 propose new emissions standards that would require minivans, light trucks, and
 most SUVs to run as clean as cars by 2007. The new rules, says the paper, could
 add considerably to sticker price.

            The WP explains that the principal stumbling block to a Kosovo
 agreement is that Slobodan Milosevic, head of Yugoslavia and a Serb, remains
 opposed to a NATO peacekeeping force on Serbian soil. Both the WP and
 LAT leads report that Madeleine Albright spoke to Milosevic on the phone
 yesterday, telling him that airstrikes would hit his country hard. The
 LAT says NATO is thought to be targeting military communications sites
 and barracks. The Post says the planned airstrikes would be the "biggest
 projection of military power" since a NATO-led peacekeeping force moved into
 Bosnia more than three years ago. But the paper doesn't explain if this means
 just in this theater of operations, or if it would also be bigger than the
 raids recently conducted against Iraq. The LAT points out that it was
 NATO bombing that helped force Milosevic to sign the Dayton peace accords that
 ended the fighting in Bosnia.

            From the reporting, it's a little hard to understand the U.S. thinking on
 Russia's role in all this.
