
   
   
      
         
            Torn NATO Watch

            Today brings the deadline for agreement in the Kosovo peace talks, and
 everyone leads with the standoff between President Clinton and Yugoslav
 President Slobodan Milosevic over the latter's compliance with the proposed
 accord. Yesterday Milosevic reiterated his staunch refusal to withdraw forces
 from Kosovo--"even if the price is bombing"--and shunned meetings with American
 diplomats. The president responded by threatening NATO attacks on Serbia, to be
 launched immediately if Milosevic doesn't accept the Western-drafted compromise
 and evacuate the great majority of his troops. The New York Times
 pointedly reminds its readers that NATO's last threats of air strikes were
 scrapped for last-minute negotiations, which merely won admittance of an
 unarmed monitoring team (a far cry from military withdrawal). The papers all
 quote the president as saying that strikes will definitely be ordered if the
 deadline passes without agreement, but they give varying impressions of when
 the first bombs could actually fall. The Los Angeles
 Times puts NATO "on the brink" of launching strikes, with "warplanes
 ready to scramble," but the Washington Post writes that bombing would have to wait for
 final approval from member officials. The NYT reports that Clinton "set no
 clear timetable" for action and that 48 to 72 hours would pass between NATO
 orders and actual strikes.

            Only the NYT story includes this reflection on the impeachment
 verdict, shared by the president during his news conference on Kosovo: "I think
 the Constitution has been, in effect, re-ratified."

            Politely acknowledging yesterday's LAT scoop, the NYT off-lead
 confirms and elaborates on US involvement with Kurdish rebel Abdullah Ocalan's
 capture. Anonymous government sources admit that throughout Ocalan's four
 months on the lam, the US funneled surveillance data on his whereabouts to
 Turkish commandos, and lobbied Ocalan's would-be protector countries against
 sheltering him.
