
   
   
      
         
            Give Peace A Chance

            All three newspapers lead with the decision by Clinton and four European
 nations to extend the peace talks in Kosovo for three more days. The original
 deadline was noon yesterday. Two days ago, Clinton promised not to
 extend this deadline and re-iterated his intent to bomb the Serbs (via NATO) if
 the deadline passed without an agreement. He changed his mind on the advice of
 Albright and her fellow negotiators, who feel the talks are worth continuing.
 The Los Angeles
 Times' news story casts the decision as "an embarrassment" for Clinton.
 The Washington
 Post and New York
 Times restrict themselves to observing that this is a policy
 reversal.

            None of the three papers seems to know just what convinced the negotiators
 that three more days of negotiation would be valuable. It's particularly
 puzzling since Albright is quoted as saying that the Serbs have taken "every
 opportunity for evasion and delay," and nowhere does she explain why things
 have changed.

            The main sticking point in the talks is that the Serbs don't want NATO
 forces to police the agreement in Kosovo while the United States says this is
 non-negotiable. The NYT reports that the Serbs have suggested a civilian
 enforcement force under the aegis of a pan-European organization. The
 NYT interprets this to mean that Serbs are willing to countenance "armed
 foreigners on their territory," which might be a first step towards some sort
 of agreement. But the same story quotes Albright and a British minister as
 saying that only a NATO force is acceptable. In fact, the British minister is
 quoted in the WP as saying that "no one is predicting [the problems]
 will be gone" by the new deadline three days from now, adding that "there is no
 guarantee of a happy story." A WP editorial on the subject warns against
 the ultimate folly of appeasing Milosevic.

            The NYT gives front page coverage to the kickoff of a summit between
 prime ministers from India and Pakistan.
