
   
   
      
         
            Spring Breakdown

            The whimper-not-a-bang end for now at the Kosovo talks leads at the Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times . USA Today puts the talks on page 9 and instead leads with
 the guilty verdict in the race-tinged dragging murder case in Jasper, Texas.
 The New York Times ,
 which off-leads the Kosovo talks and fronts the murder conviction, goes with
 the Senate's imminent reevaluation of the independent counsel statute, which,
 the paper says, will probably either not be renewed at all or will be
 substantially revised, primarily because of widespread dissatisfaction with the
 way the law worked in the Kenneth Starr investigation of President Clinton. The
 WP runs a similar piece inside. USAT 's news section "cover story"
 on the statute is more categorical, saying flatly, "there is virtually no
 chance that a scandal-weary Congress" will renew it.

            Rashomon reporting reigns supreme in the papers' coverage of the Kosovo
 talks. The talks ended with nothing signed, no peacekeeping forces in place,
 and no NATO airstrikes. Instead, there was the surprise quartum quid of the
 Albanian negotiators saying they "understood and accepted" the proffered
 Western peace plan but would take a few weeks off to check in with the home
 folks before signing anything. The WP sees this as a "major setback" for
 U.S. and European leaders and drives home the tenuousness of the situation by
 noting renewed Albanian vs. Serb fighting and passing along U.S. intelligence
 reports of Yugoslav troop movements "in apparent preparation for a large-scale
 offensive." Somehow though, the NYT goes with the glass-half-full
 headline, "Kosovo Albanians, in Reversal, Say They Will Sign Peace Pact," and
 calls the outcome a "limited success." But even within such a cheery take, the
 paper has to admit that it will be difficult in the interim for NATO to
 intimidate or contain Slobodan Milosevic's forces. The LAT sees a
 "piecemeal success," but does point out that the result is very close to what
 only a few days ago Madeleine Albright called "a worthless piece of paper.
