
   
   
      
         
            Rational Exuberance

            The Los Angeles Times leads with California's stronger than expected
 economic growth in the final months of 1998. The story notes that the state
 data dovetails with the Commerce Department report issued Friday, indicating
 that the nation's gross domestic product grew 6.1 percent in the fourth
 quarter. The Washington Post leads with an exclusive, reporting that
 earlier this month the Clinton administration stopped issuing new licenses for
 the export of military or dual-use equipment to Greece due to Pentagon
 suspicions that the Greeks had provided the Russians with NATO aircraft jamming
 codes. The New York Times leads with a Clinton administration report
 that condemns China's recent record on human rights, including China's
 squelching of the formation of a opposition party, religious expression and the
 freedom of the press.

            The LAT pairs its lead on rosy job growth in California with an
 analysis of the "nearly sublime" national economy. The paper observes that the
 torrid pace of growth has confounded prognosticators, who had widely expected
 that contagion from the international economic crisis would slow the U.S.
 expansion. The NYT fronts the revised GDP numbers, pointing out that
 inflation dipped to 1.0 percent last year, the lowest level since the launch of
 Sputnik. The papers report that the Dow retreated because of fears that the Fed
 will raise interest rates to cool the exuberant economy.

            The Post exclusive informs that a Defense Department team has
 investigated allegations of a Greek breach of NATO security and concluded that
 there has been "no compromise of technology whatsoever." The Pentagon suspected
 that the Greeks were giving NATO codes to Russia in exchange for a radio
 jamming system to disrupt Turkish combat jets. The Post observes that
 animosities between Greece and Turkey, long the most serious tension within the
 NATO alliance, have worsened with the Ocalan affair.
