
   
   
      
         
            Secret Gore Strategy Revealed!

            Vice President Al Gore is doing his part to protect President Clinton from
 impeachment. The new Gore strategy apparently calls for Gore to be as annoying
 as possible, thereby reminding congressional decisionmakers of the potential
 cost of removing Clinton from office. Gore initiated his campaign last week,
 when he announced plans to spend $20 to $50 million in taxpayers' money to
 implement a midnight brainstorm of his: Putting a continuous, live image of
 planet Earth, as seen from space, on the Internet! NASA chief Daniel Goldin has
 been dragooned into supporting Gore's goo-goo caprice. As John Pike, director
 of the space policy project at the Federation of American Scientists, told
 Elizabeth Shogren of the Los Angeles Times : "The Earth is big and the
 weather is slow, so it's not like there is perceptible motion. It is about as
 exciting as watching the grass grow." Sort of like watching the vice president
 himself! ... Gore continued his scare campaign by phoning Washington
 Post Executive Editor Len Downie to complain that a photo the Post
 had run of the big-blue-marble Earth was upside down! Only after Gore hung up
 did Downie realize that there is no "right side up" or "upside down" when you
 are looking at a sphere from outer space ... Gore's campaign appears to be
 highly effective, as Clinton's approval ratings have kept rising despite new
 and dramatic sex charges. ... Chatterbox, calling on its extensive network of
 insider contacts, has learned details of future components of the still-secret
 GoreBore initiative, which will include: A national campaign to convert
 football fields to the metric system; a Global Engineering Olympics to be
 televised during halftime of the NCAA championship basketball game; a gigantic
 Temple of Science to be built on the Mall in Washington, featuring animatronic
 demographers discussing overpopulation; and a proposal to have "students of the
 world .
