
   
   
      
         
            Can America Stand Pat?

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with a special Senate committee's
 report on the Y2K problem. (The report was first discussed last week in the
 Washington Post , which today runs a story on it
 inside, as does the New York
 Times .) The top non-local story at the WP is the consummation of
 the long-awaited deal by which the federal government and the state of
 California have agreed to pay a lumber company $480 million to preserve
 Northern California's Headwaters Forest, which had been the largest stand of
 ancient redwoods in private hands. This also makes the LAT front. The
 NYT fronts Headwaters too, but leads instead with growing support in
 Congress for walling off Social Security funds from the rest of the federal
 budget. The main divide among advocates of the move, the story explains, is
 between those who want to do it now and those who want to do it gradually.
 Yesterday, House Republicans introduced a gradual plan. Gradualism has the
 advantage of allowing for a combination of new spending and tax cuts near-term
 and shoring up Social Security in the long haul. The story delays until the
 13th paragraph the news that all current talk of budget surpluses depends on
 counting Social Security among general revenues, and never mentions that in
 business accounting, earmarked pension funds are not considered among a firm's
 assets.

            The subhead over USAT 's Y2K story says the Senate report "cites
 vulnerability but little risk of disaster" and the story proper quickly
 includes calming words from two senators. Nonetheless mentioned are potential
 problems with paychecks and medical records, and accidental nuclear launches.
 The LAT lead stresses the risks a bit more, with its first paragraph
 mentioning computer crashes, disruptions leading to civil unrest in some
 countries, and the risk of terrorist attacks amid the resulting confusion.
 USAT plays terrorism lower.
