
   
   
      
         
            DiMaggio Streak Ends

            The New York Times
 and Washington Post lead with the Federal Trade
 Commission's announcement on Monday that it has settled its antitrust suit
 against Intel Corp., just a day before the trial was to begin. The settlement
 is also the top non-local story at the Los Angeles
 Times . USA Today , which doesn't front Intel, leads with the
 Supreme Court's rejection of Timothy McVeigh's appeal of his Oklahoma City
 bombing conviction, a story that nobody else fronts. The appeal had alleged
 jury prejudice brought about by news coverage of the case. USAT explains
 that the McVeigh turn-down still leaves room for additional appeals, which
 could delay the imposition of his death sentence for years. What gets a lot of
 top front space with pictures everywhere is the death of Joe DiMaggio at age 84
 a few months after lung surgery.

            The papers explain that the central issue in the Intel case was whether it was monopolistic for the company
 to require computer manufacturers to share details about their machines as a
 condition for their getting information about Intel chips. If the company had
 gone to trial it ran the risk of being legally judged to be a monopoly, which
 the papers explain, could have many adverse legal consequences across a wide
 range of issues. The settlement avoids that branding in return for Intel's
 agreeing to very specific provisions--not detailed in the papers--governing
 when it can withhold technological information from computer makers. Both the
 WP and LAT say that many thought the government's case might have
 been hard to win.

            Everybody notes that the settlement, in its low-key, no-name-calling style,
 stands in distinct contrast to Microsoft's approach to its legal tussle with
 the government, and everybody says that Intel went this way precisely to avoid
 the PR beating it thinks Microsoft has been suffering. (For all the comparisons
 to the Microsoft case, none of the papers explain why the one company is being
 pursued by the FTC and the other by the DOJ.
