
   
   
      
         
            Fondlee, Kathleen: Isikoff on the Stand?

            A potentially significant conflict is opening up between Michael Isikoff,
 the Newsweek reporter who's been a driving force in the Flytrap scandal,
 and Julie Steele, the erstwhile friend of Kathleen Willey who says Willey told
 her to lie to Isikoff. As discussed in Chatterboxes for 2/3 and 2/18, Isikoff
 reported as long ago as last August that Steele initially told him (Version #1)
 that Willey had told her about an unwanted Clinton pass on the day it happened.
 Isikoff also reported, in the same August story, that Steele then recanted, and
 told him (Version #2) that Willey had only "told her about the incident weeks
 after it happened, saying only that the president had made a pass at her." Now
 Steele claims that Willey didn't mention anything at all about a pass, wanted
 or not--Steele has signed an affidavit (Version #3) claiming that Willey "never
 said anything to suggest that President Clinton made sexual advances toward
 her." What's more--and this is the key point--Steele, through her lawyer
 denies telling Isikoff what he reported she told him last summer after
 her recantation, namely that Willey had still talked of a "pass," if not an
 unwanted pass.

            This is a direct conflict; the question isn't what Willey told Steele but
 what Steele told Isikoff. Isikoff says Steele told him Willey talked of a
 "pass." Steele denies telling Isikoff this. (In effect, she says there was no
 Version #2) ... But there's more: Isikoff also reported, in the March 9 issue
 of Newsweek , that Steele had told him a second time that Willey had
 indeed mentioned a sexual advance. He wrote: "Just two weeks ago, however,
 Steele repeated to Newsweek that Willey had told her about a sexual
 'overture' by Clinton." Does Steele deny telling Isikoff this as well?
 Presumably yes. (Her lawyer, Nancy Luque, said she would try to reach her
 client and call Chatterbox back. Chatterbox is still waiting.) ...

            Unless Willey's credibility is somehow destroyed, this isn't a petty side
 dispute.
