
   
   
      
         
            Boy Vey

                   BRENTWOOD, Calif.--As we begin the autopsy for Boys R Us--the beer
 'n' boorishness, boobs 'n' bang-bang, jeans 'n' sneakers, rock 'n' freaking
 roll pop culture that won the Cold War--it might be wise to determine a time of
 death. What'll it be: the day Kurt Cobain killed himself? The day Keith
 Olbermann left ESPN? The day Bill Watterson stopped drawing Calvin and
 Hobbes ?
       Or was it yesterday, when an action film starring Bruce Willis got
 squashed in its opening weekend by Lost in Space --featuring a fully
 clothed Heather Graham; the youngest girl from Party of Five ; and a
 human body count of zero--and Titanic . Some of us around here still
 remember when Titanic was going to be the Ultimate Boy Movie, based on
 the Ultimate Boy Tragedy, courtesy of Jim Cameron, the Ultimate Boy Director,
 the guy who put Jamie Lee Curtis in That Dress, shot down her cleavage, and
 blew up a bridge beneath her.
       Cameron is the Kim Philby of Boys R Us, the man whose Girl Movie in Boy
 Movie's Clothing led to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" and to the detritus
 of Leomania. Titanic spent 15 weeks atop the U.S. box office, beating
 the pants off such movies as Wild Things --whose Boy Culture appeal was
 summed up by its star Denise Richards when she told Entertainment
 Weekly , "I don't want my dad to see my breasts. I'm hoping he'll cover his
 eyes."
       Meanwhile, "My Heart Will Go On" has pulled two different albums to the
 top of the charts, humiliating new releases from Van Halen and Pearl Jam. But
 the music industry has been hip to the death of Boys R Us since last summer,
 when Lilith Fair out-grossed Lollapalooza. Last year for the first time,
 according to the Recording Institute of America, more girls than boys bought
 records. Three years ago, Trent Reznor was singing, "I wanna fuck you like an
 animal"; last year, in "Not Tonight," Li'l Kim and a gaggle of female rappers
 were demanding oral satisfaction.
       Elsewhere on the cultural landscape, the news for Boy Culture gets
 bleaker.
