
   
   
      
         
            Two Cheers for Condé Nast's Acquisition
            

            Normally, when one of three big players in an industry buys one of its two
 competitors, you hear rumblings about possible antitrust violations and the
 deleterious effects of lack of competition. But we've yet to hear any such
 rumblings--except perhaps from advertisers--about Condé Nast's $650 million
 acquisition of Fairchild Publications, even though Condé Nast will now own
 every key fashion magazine in America, with the exceptions of Harper's
 Bazaar and Elle . And that's as it should be. If anything, increasing
 Condé Nast's hold on the fashion press may have beneficial spillover effects
 that no one is really anticipating.

            To begin with, even though after the deal closes, Condé Nast will own
 Wd and Women's Wear Daily , in addition to Vogue and
 Glamour and assorted other fashion-y magazines, it won't have a monopoly
 position. And as the example of the auto industry suggests, having two or three
 major players in an industry is qualitatively different from having just one.
 As long as Harper's Bazaar and Elle remain outside the fold,
 Condé Nast will be limited in its ability to do whatever bad things monopolists
 generally do.

            Actually, that's the other thing. It's hard to figure out what the bad
 things Condé Nast might do are, and it's just as hard to figure out who is hurt
 by this deal (hard to figure out who's being hurt that we don't want to be
 hurt, that is). The pricing of magazines is difficult to decipher (it often, in
 fact, seems irrational), but it's unlikely that W's cover price is going
 to rise just because it's owned by the same company that owns Vogue . And
 this is despite magazine consumers' tendency to be somewhat price-insensitive,
 which accounts for the fact that so many magazines are sold at the newsstand,
 even though the price of one copy there is often equal to the price of four or
 five copies bought by subscription.
