
   
   
      
         
            The Lovely Linda

            "She can't dance/She can't sing...but she's got to be a part of that pop
 music thing." The words of Marshall Crenshaw, who once played John Lennon in
 Beatlemania , came to mind this afternoon with the news of the death of
 Linda McCartney. For most of the 1970s, Linda was one of the most universally
 ridiculed figures in pop music, her shortcomings as a singer and musician all
 too vivid on Paul's records and, especially, his tours. In the '80s, one wag
 got his hands on a soundboard tape of Linda's microphone during a performance
 of "Hey, Jude," and radio stations put its one flat note into heavy rotation.
 That, combined with the image of Linda as groupie-in-shutterbug's-clothing
 conjured up by an infamous piece from the Clay Felker era at the Village
 Voice , established Linda as a figure of almost singular unpopularity (the
 "almost" courtesy of Yoko Ono, who in the public's addled mind, bore the added
 stigma of breaking up the Beatles.)

            Why this should be, when it wasn't her idea to join Wings in the first
 place, and when by all available evidence she kept Paul McCartney wildly
 happy--and with him raised a flock of spirited children whose achievements are
 beginning to come to light? Had she been born 20 years earlier, she would have
 been the decorative spouse who kept the creator satisfied as she gave him a
 stable home; two decades later, she'd have been Baby Spice with a brain,
 Courtney Love on speaking terms with her biological father, Paula Abdul as a
 photographer instead of a choreographer.

            Paul now becomes the odds-on favorite for next year's Album of the Year
 Grammy, but it's worth noting that the Big Moments in his life, John's death in
 particular, have not brought out the best in him. For 30 years now, audiences
 hoped he'd serve up wrenching, emotional music--his version of "Mother" from
 "Plastic Ono Band"--and it just doesn't seem to be in his nature. All the same,
 the critical re-assessment of Paul is already upon us, and Linda's death will
 speed things along.
