
   
   
      
         
            This Just In: Generalissimo Maslin Is Still Dead!

            BRENTWOOD -- In this town, you know you're in trouble when Madeleine
 Albright's taking shots at you. A few weeks ago, the Secretary of State's
 dissing Titanic -- as she did during a visit with a Chinese filmmaker
 this week -- might have seemed terminally unhip. Instead, Madame Secretary
 proves to be down with the Zeitgeist, providing the latest evidence of the
 plummeting public image of the film's writer-director, Jim Cameron.

            From the moment Cameron's name was announced as Best Director at the Academy
 Awards, his standing out here has been in free fall. Declaring "I'm the King of
 the World! Woo-hooo!" to a billion TV viewers will do that, I guess, especially
 when you're quoting your own, notably un-nominated screenplay. Just days later
 came his ill-advised assault on Los Angeles Times critic Kenneth Turan's
 sanctimonious anti- Titanic thumbsucker. Cameron's mad- as-hell diatribe,
 which called for Turan's "impeachment," got gleefully picked up by everyone
 from the newsweeklies to Doonesbury.

            With more than a billion dollars in box office receipts from Titanic ,
 why Jim Cameron should give a rip what any critic thinks is anyone's guess, but
 at least he's keeping it out of his movies. The forthcoming
 Godzilla --from thin-skinned action guys Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin
 -- apparently features a Mayor Ebert who gets squashed like a bug, and a
 sidekick named...ah, maybe you can guess. Why, fellas? Ten years ago, George
 Lucas dubbed a two-headed Willow monster the Ebersisk and christened his
 villain General Kael. (The name of a movie bad guy usually bears close
 attention. One man was seated next to screenwriter Ed Solomon at the premiere
 of Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey when the audience was introduced to the
 movie's antagonist, De Nomolos. "It's my name backwards," whispered Solomon. "I
 can't believe they let me keep it in.")

            
               Yo, Chatterbox!
