
   
   
      
         
            This Ain't Selling Out, It's Buying In

            Ah, the golden age of magazines! Few people are more credulous about that
 fabled era than journalists who cover the media industry. How else to explain
 two recent articles in the New York Times and the New York
 Observer lamenting the decline of editorial integrity in American
 magazines?

            In its Business section yesterday, the Times described a proposed
 joint promotion by Vogue and Elizabeth Arden in which Arden sends free products
 to Vogue readers. This, the reporter wrote disapprovingly, is "only the
 latest example of how publishers are exploding the traditional business
 boundaries of the magazine industry." (Other examples: magazines generating
 in-house research for advertisers; free trips for New 
               Yorker
 writers on an advertiser's cruiseship; and more Vogue hijinks, such as a
 lecture series at Columbia for advertisers and a Vogue -Tommy Hilfiger
 party in the Hamptons.)

            Leaving aside how delighted Culturebox would be to get freebies from
 Elizabeth Arden (doesn't the Times know how much that stuff costs?):
 What's new about this? When did women's fashion magazines exist to do anything
 other than push advertisers' wares? Consider this tidbit from Hope in a Jar:
 The Making of America's Beauty Culture by Kathy Peiss, a just-published
 history of the American beauty industry:

            "When J. Walter Thompson conducted an investigation of the toiletries market
 for Pond's in 1923, McCall 's Service Department mailed eighteen hundred
 questionnaires to women readers, and Hazel Rawson Cades, beauty editor of the
 Woman's Home Companion , opened her readers' mail to the ad agency.
 Harper's Bazaar introduced a Debutante Department in 1928 to gain market
 information for advertisers; it surveyed three thousand well-to-do young women,
 rewarding each with a grab bag of cosmetic gifts. Similarly, in the
 mid-thirties, the Delineator 's Beauty Institute called upon eight
 hundred readers to be 'beauty consultants' for product development and
 marketing purposes.
