
   
   
      
         
            Worth Bull

            BRENTWOOD -- "I am so fucked."

            It's not exactly "Where's the beef," or "Whoomp, there it is" or "Read my
 lips," but as summer movie catchphrases go, it looked like 1998's odds-on
 choice a few months back. The line was to have been uttered by a
 camcorder-wielding character in Godzilla , as the monster's scaly foot
 came thundering down towards him. Godzilla , though, wanted a PG-13
 rating, which--by MPAA lore, if not regulation--limits a movie to one "fuck."
 The epithet was apparently already being used elsewhere in the movie, and so
 the line did not survive.

            And what Hollywood figure would you most expect to use the phrase in real
 life? Warren Beatty, whose film Bulworth recently had its nationwide
 release moved to just a few days before Godzilla opens ( Bulworth
 debuts in New York and Los Angeles today, Godzilla nationwide next
 Wednesday). They call it counter-programming, Culturebox calls it suicide. If
 Bulworth throughout its entire theatrical run can gross what
 Godzilla makes over the Memorial Day holiday, there will be champagne
 all around at Fox.

            That, of course, is the kind of bottom-line thinking Beatty says he
 despises. So let us not judge Bulworth on the basis of its box office.
 But let us not judge it on the basis of its noble intentions, either. Is
 Bulworth really "a celluloid shiv..shoved deep in the heart of
 the...status quo"? Its hero asserts that private enterprise has a stranglehold
 on American politics. This is a surprise to whom, exactly? Beatty's press
 interviews--filled with wonderful anecdotes about Clifford Odets, Huey Newton,
 and Ronald Reagan--have been more entertaining than a lot of the movie, much of
 which is Beatty rapping, and rapping badly. It's an updating of the idea that
 drove Ishtar : that we'll be endlessly tickled by the suave Warren
 looking (intentionally) goofy. That, I fear, is a miscalculation. Beatty's
 image isn't so iconic in the minds of today's moviegoer that subverting it is
 wildly hilarious.
