
   
   
      
         
            Twentieth-Century Foxes

            BRENTWOOD--Twenty-one million dollars for Leonardo DiCaprio to star in
 American Psycho , whose main virtue is it allows him to apply jumper
 cables to women's body parts? Can you say, "I hate my young female
 audience?"

            But it's nice he's getting the big payday, because after last week, you'd
 think this town had in it for Italians. First, of course, came Frank Sinatra,
 his death the beau ideal of an on-time departure, given his image's pendulum
 swing over the last three decades from ultracool to camp to ultracool once
 more. Sinatra--the only celebrity who ever sued a journalist for writing a book
 that, in his view, made his life seem too boring--was pronounced dead in the
 same Cedars-Sinai emergency room where one week earlier a 50-year-old man
 collapsed and died of a Viagra overdose, his heart seizing up after taking just
 four of the tablets. (Coincidence? Uh, probably.)

            Then came the news that Mike Piazza, the Los Angeles' Dodgers star catcher,
 had been shipped off to the Florida Marlins--the first major move for the
 Dodgers since the baseball team was purchased by Rupert Murdoch's Fox. Piazza
 was the Dodgers' best player on the field, its most popular with the fans, and
 its most expensive to keep. He and his rocket scientist of an agent had
 recently turned down a six-year offer from the Dodgers worth more than $80
 million. Piazza publicly dissed the Dodgers' proposal, which made the Marlins
 deal look like management's up-your-nose-with-a-rubber-hose payback, especially
 given Piazza's long-running romance with the SoCal lifestyle.

            Baseball experts, such as the godlike Peter Gammons, have noted that the
 trade leaves the Dodgers with an improved team ... but what's interesting about
 the deal is the way it flies in the face of traditional L.A. sports-team
 wisdom, which holds that any team in this showbiz-savvy market needs
 stars--marquee players--to attract attention.
