
   
   
      
         
            The Kip Kinkels of the 19th Century

            First Jonesboro, now Springfield--are schoolyard shoot-'em-ups the product
 of inadequate gun regulation or violence on TV? Let Culturebox stop you before
 you debate this silly point again! The answer is guns, whatever Sissela
 "Mayhem" Bok may tell the New York Times . How does Culturebox know?
 Teenagers have been up to this sort of thing since long before South
 Park and the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers . Take this scene from
 Culturebox's favorite childhood book, Farmer Boy by Laura Ingalls
 Wilder, based on Wilder's husband's memories of growing up in upstate New York
 in the early 19th century:

            Almanzo Wilder, 9, is loath to go to school because he hates watching the
 school's five toughest teens beat up yet another teacher and drive him out of
 town. Ingalls writes: "These big boys were sixteen or seventeen years old and
 they came to school only in the middle of the winter term. They came to thrash
 the teacher and break up the school. They boasted that no teacher could finish
 the winter term, and no teacher had."

            Literary embellishment? The exaggerations of memory? Culturebox called
 Joseph Kett, a professor at the University of Virginia and the leading
 historian of adolescence in America. Kett cites an 1837 report written by the
 father of public education himself, Horace Mann. In it, Mann calls for reform
 to correct an intractable problem: the "breaking up of rural schools." "It had
 the status of a rural folk practice," says Kett. "Schoolmasters often expected
 to be tossed out the window. Sometimes it was just a winter ritual to let off
 steam. Other times it was not so much fun."

            Other school activies common in the early 19th-century, according to Kett:
 wild student riots on college campuses, sometimes leading to the deaths of
 professors or locals (in the 1820s, Harvard students set off a keg of
 gunpowder); high school duels involving knives or guns, sometimes culminating
 in the deaths of students; scrimmages between higher and lower classes,
 sometimes leading to massive injuries on one side or the other, or both.
