
   
   
      
         
            Save the Snooze!

            Nothing delights Culturebox's Slate colleagues as much as poking fun
 at U.S. News & World Report . "Apropos of nothing (again), U.S.
 News goes with a military cover: "Submarine!," gloated
 one recently in the "In Other Magazines" column. "(Three weeks ago, it
 published an equally untimely cover on 20th century military strategists.)"
 It's easy to bash a magazine whose owner does the same thing at dinner parties,
 when he isn't shopping the editor's job all over town. That's what Mort
 Zuckerman is up to, if a profile in last month's Washingtonian is to be
 believed.

            Culturebox's unsolicited advice to her colleagues and Zuckerman: Shush. A
 quick review of the charges generally leveled at James Fallows, a former
 Atlantic Monthly big-think guy and much-made-fun-of media critic: 1. He
 prefers the long view to the short run, stinting reporting for analysis. 2. He
 has little or no news judgment. 3. His magazine is boring.

            Point 1 is just not true--if anything there's too much information in a
 U.S. News piece. As a critic wrote somewhere last year, reading a
 Snooze article rather like being buttonholed by a retired admiral with
 way too much time on his hands. But you get more hard facts and historical data
 from the admiral than from almost any other source.

            Point 2. Translation: Fallows runs stories no one else runs. One man's poor
 news judgment is another man's smart market positioning. Rather than go up
 against Time and Newsweek with fewer resources, he publishes
 Washington Monthly -style tweaks on the news and scours beats
 undercovered by the other newsweeklies: the military, the auto industry,
 education, religion. Hence the (quite enthralling) cover story on life aboard a
 nuclear submarine.

            Point 3 is not untrue, but not new either. The Snooze is actually
 less boring than it used to be, and besides, newsweeklies are boring by
 definition.
