
   
   
      
         
            This Cock-eyed Caravan

            
               Item : Police release Phil Hartman 911 call.

            No one would ever accuse Culturebox of not being interested in the foibles
 of the famous. But the by-now routine procedure of making public the tape of a
 frantic, teary cry for help has never failed to shock and appall. Surely no one
 believes that the reason these tapes are made public is because the people have
 a right to know if their emergency services were performed appropriately.

            
               Item : Spice Girls lose Ginger.

            Now this is news, and not just because it got one of those great Brit
 tabloid expressions, "blazing row," into papers worldwide. Who, if anyone, will
 replace her? Culturebox keeps imagining the Spice handlers sitting in a
 conference room mulling over prospects ("Mother of God! It's another fax from
 Shirley MacLaine!") At first our money was on Marilu Henner -- you know: red
 hair, kinda curvy, sings and dances, good with the media -- and Culturebox
 thinks "Taxi Spice" has some zip as a name. But to keep their position as the
 most-talked about group in England, it's clear whom the Girls must hire: Paul
 "Gazza" Gascoigne, the once-brilliant, always-troubled soccer star who was
 recently denied a spot on the British World Cup squad, and in the process blew
 the Spice Girls off the front page and next to the recipes and the crossword
 puzzle.

            
               Item : Rockers to raise awareness for plight of Tibet with D.C.
 benefit shows.

            The way rock & roll has been selling this year--as in, Not At All--Tibet
 may need to stage a raising-awareness benefit for the plight of the electric
 guitar.

            
               Item : Leonardo DiCaprio offered $21 million for American
 Psycho .

            Does everyone realize now that they got taken? That he never had any
 intention whatsoever of doing this movie? His list of "approved directors"
 allegedly featured just two names: Martin Scorsese and Stanley Kubrick.
