
   
   
      
         
            Ivan Reitman, International Man of Mystery

            So...the next time you hear someone railing about how stupid the star system
 in Hollywood is, and how no A-list actor is worth the bank he or she is paid,
 show them the opening weekend figures ($31.6 mil) for The Truman Show
 and ask them how much they think the movie would have made if, say, Jeff
 Bridges had been its star. Remind them, while you're at it, that even if they
 make the dubious claim that Jeff Bridges is a better actor than Jim Carrey,
 The Truman Show is a more effective movie with Carrey in it, because the
 audience walks into the theatre caring more about Carrey than about Bridges.
 And therefore, walks into the theatre, period. More people seem to have checked
 out Friday's performances of The Truman Show than attended the entire
 U.S. theatrical run of Peter Weir's last movie, Fearless, which
 starred...Jeff Bridges.

            So...the summer's second big question is answered "Yes." (The summer's first
 big question involved Godzilla and the answer was "No.") Next weekend,
 with Six Days, Seven Nights another question gets answered. The question
 -- ah, you think it's going to be "Will Americans accept a openly gay woman
 (Anne Heche) in a big-screen hetero romance," don't you? Well, guess what:
 Americans haven't accepted Harrison Ford in a big-screen hetero romance since
 Peter Weir served up Kelly McGillis as an Amish hottie in Witness. Run
 down a list of Ford's leading ladies over the past few years -- Greta
 Scacchi...Julia Ormond...Alison Doody...Annette Bening, each of them about 20
 years younger than he -- and see if you can recall any onscreen sparks flying.
 Not hard to understand why that big studio blanched at the prospect of coughing
 up 70 million bones for Ford and Kristin Scott-Thomas to star in a, um,
 "Bosnian romance"... a concept almost as cinematically unlikely as "Amish
 hottie."

            No, instead, Culturebox asks, "Can Six Days director Ivan Reitman
 reinvent his career one more time?
