
   
   
      
         
            Culturebox Says: Sue the Bastard!

            Journalists tend to think that libel law exists to let rich and famous
 slimeballs escape criticism, but there are times when the law, even the
 notoriously anti-press British version of it, does what it's supposed to do:
 protect the innocent against unfounded accusations of crimes of a heinous
 nature. The BBC's refusal to air British filmmaker's Nick Broomfield's
 documentary about Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain, at least not without
 substantial changes, for fear of being sued by Love, is taken by Culturebox as
 evidence that on occasion, sir, the law is not an ass.

            In the movie, currently being shown on 10 screens in the United States,
 Broomfield tracks down wierdos of the you-couldn't-make-these-people-up variety
 to get them to accuse Love not just of being a jerk, but of being a murderer.
 Broomfield's freak show includes a sadist-turned-rocker with the eyes of
 Charlie Manson who all but acknowledges he'll say anything for a beer. A crazed
 and abusive former Grateful Dead manager from whose unparental loins it is
 Love's tragedy to have sprung. An eerily slow-spoken private detective straight
 out of a David Lynch movie. A nanny with suspiciously strung-out friends. All
 have theories about why and how Love killed her late husband. None offers solid
 evidence or is remotely credible.

            Love may or may not be likeable--Culturebox suspects she's both phenomenally
 talented and a glorious bitch--but Broomfield isn't addressing that question.
 His main objective appears to be to air these patently ludicrous accusations.
 What else could he do? he asks us plaintively. After all, she wouldn't talk to
 him. She even got MTV to pressure Showtime into pulling out of the project.

            Reviews have been mixed, but smart critics who should have known better have
 dismissed Broomfield's journalistic malevolence as fun, wacky, postmodern, an
 expose of the seamy underbelly of fame by a renegade who eschews the boring
 objectivity of the documentary tradition.
