
   
   
      
         
            Voice: First Person. Mood: Conditional.

            Can a memoir have the authority of history? That's a question Culturebox
 ponders ... uh, every now and again. She didn't expect to ask it about the work
 of Edmund Morris, though. It was his pleasing intellectual conservatism--his
 defense of Theodore Roosevelt's manly colonialist aspirations, for
 instance--that made the Pulitzer Prize-winning Roosevelt biographer seem such a
 suitable choice for Reagan. When a friend of Reagan's invited Morris to dinner
 to be interviewed for the position of official biographer, the friend surely
 wasn't thinking: Ah yes! Let's bring this fashionable memoir writer face to
 face with the Gipper!
            

            What a surprise, then, to come across the following title in the Random
 House fall catalogue: Dutch: A Memoir of Ronald Reagan , by Edmund
 Morris. This is the most eagerly awaited political biography of the
 decade? In 1985, Morris received what was at the time the biggest advance ever
 paid for a work of serious nonfiction: $3 million. He was granted unfettered
 access to the former president while he was still in office. For the next 13
 years, whenever slighter Reagan biographies appeared, obligatory deference was
 paid to Morris's forthcoming magnum opus.

            But a rumor floated: Morris had lost presidential favor. The book was late
 (it was due in 1992). Morris told a group of historians that Reagan was
 "impossible to understand," a dilemma that had caused Morris to experience a
 year's depression. (He later clarified: "What made Reagan uniquely difficult
 was that he was incurious about himself.") Morris would reveal that Reagan's
 faculties had been on the decline since 1981, when he was shot. Reagan's
 Alzheimer's was now so advanced that he no longer knew who Morris was.

            Could Reagan have turned out to be rebarbative to the biographer's art--so
 emotionally hollow as to be uncharacterizable, perhaps? Is unlimited entree
 less a biographer's blessing than his curse?
