
   
   
      
         
            Robeson Revised

            A friend of Culturebox's--Jonathan Mahler, editorial page editor at the
 Jewish weekly Forward --wishes to note the following for the record:

            This year Paul Robeson would have turned 100, which makes it the year we
 celebrate him in conferences, film festivals, books, reissues of concert
 performances -- even an unsuccessful campaign to create a Paul Robeson stamp.
 Robeson posthumously won a lifetime achievement award at the Grammys. In
 November, he'll be honored at Carnegie Hall.

            A typical quote from the ongoing encomium: "[W]hat made Robeson
 controversial was his willingness to step outside the frame which usually
 contains the works of artists and his status as an artist to advance a complex
 program of civil and human rights changes around the world and in the United
 States." (Jeffrey Stewart, curator of a Robeson exhibit at Rutgers, his alma
 mater.)

            That's not all that made Robeson controversial, though, and a coalition of
 the far right and far left has emerged to drive that point home. From a recent
 cover story in Political Affairs , the journal of America's Communist
 Party: "As the centennial celebrations are taking place today, many are
 shamelessly going out of their way to distance Robeson from his Party.
 Unfortunately, if these lies go unanswered, Paul's legacy will be at war with
 the life he actually lived. We cannot allow the ruling class to praise him, in
 order to tear him down. We cannot allow them to turn Robeson into an ordinary
 liberal. The real Paul Robeson was no liberal -- he was a freedom fighter, a
 revolutionary, a Communist, a 20th century giant." (Jarvis Tyner, a vice
 chairman of the Communist Party.)

            The American Spectator couldn't agree more. In its July issue, author
 Stephen Schwartz writes that the Robeson commemorations is the latest attempt
 to sell the American people a "falsified" and "upside-down" version of their
 history.

            Whatever the real version of that history would look like, one thing we
 know: Robeson's committment to communism was not good for the Jews.
