
   
   
      
         
            Tina Goes to Hollywood

            The queen is dead.

            Come Aug. 1, New Yorker editor Tina Brown will depart and make room
 for the magazine's fifth--but not yet announced--editor. The bomb was dropped
 at a hastily convened meeting at 10:30 this morning. Indeed, many of the
 magazine's staffers were still sipping their first cup of coffee when word went
 out that Tina wanted to address "the staff." And so they gathered in what is
 known as "the piazza," an open space adjacent to the corridor where the
 magazine's senior editors sit.

            Sporting a simple blue suit, her hair streaked with just the right amount of
 blond, Tina walked into the piazza and started speaking while stragglers were
 still making their way up the stairs. This was, she said, a very difficult
 thing to do, but she had been presented with an opportunity that she simply
 couldn't refuse. After uttering the usual platitudes about how The New
 Yorker is the best magazine in the business, Tina became farklempt
 as she pronounced, "I love you all." Then, of course, came the hugs--along with
 tears from the members of Tina's inner-circle who are surely wondering what all
 of this means for them.

            And what does it mean for Tina's devotees? Culturebox can only speculate.
 Tina is certainly responsible for bringing in most of the magazine's hottest
 writers, and here we're referring to people like the unrivaled David Remnick
 and Malcolm Gladwell, both of whom cut their teeth at the Washington
 Post . Some will probably follow Tina to her next stop, a new media venture
 formed by Miramax that will publish a monthly magazine and books, as well as
 produce films and television shows. (She will be the chairwoman and a part
 owner of the new company.)

            But what will become of The New Yorker ? During Tina's tenure, the
 magazine's editors were always talking about "the mix"--the never-ending
 struggle to strike the right balance between the slashy and the serious.
