
   
   
      
         
            Thanks for the Recovered Memories

            Is it possible to forget a memory? Culturebox poses this paradoxical
 question apropos of the continuing fallout from CNN's controversial
 newsmagazine segment on "Operation Tailwind." To refresh your memory, the
 story's central figure, Robert Van Buskirk, claimed to have watched as U.S.
 forces dropped sarin gas on a Laotian village. He also claimed to have killed
 two U.S. defectors with a phosphorous grenade during the mission. It soon
 emerged, though, that Van Buskirk had failed to note this seemingly noteworthy
 recollection in his 1983 book on Vietnam. Why? As other reporters poked holes
 in the CNN expose, Van Buskirk confessed that he had "recovered the
 memory."

            But how do we know that such memories represent real, rather than imagined,
 events?

            Freud grappled with this very dilemma in turn-of-the-century Vienna. In 1895
 he came up with his seduction theory, which linked hysteria to repressed
 memories of sexual molestation during childhood. A few years later, however,
 Freud decided that these were not, in fact, real memories; they were
 fantasies.

            Fast-forward to the 1970s, the heyday of pop psychology. A backlash is
 brewing against therapists who are considered too skeptical of recovered
 memories, and a new movement is born: Repressed Memory Therapy. By the
 mid-1980s, bookstores are crowded with self-help guides on how to deal with
 "repressed memory syndrome." The message is always the same: If you're feeling
 alienated, disaffected, unmotivated, trust that inner voice--you probably were
 the victim of sexual abuse. Then the inevitable occurs: A California man named
 George Franklin is convicted of raping and murdering a playmate of his daughter
 20 years earlier. The centerpiece of the prosecution's case is a recovered
 memory.

            It turned out, though, that the daughter had been hypnotized by her
 therapist to help remember the details of the event.
