
   
   
      
         
            Culturebox's Fall Preview

             As ahead of itself as the presidential campaign, fall preview season is
 upon us. From now until mid-September, Time, 
               Newsweek , the New York Times , and half the other
 magazines and newspapers in the country will participate in that odd
 journalistic ritual whereby critics abandon the skepticism we demand of them
 the rest of the year and emit hopeful bubbles of enthusiasm--a gush that turns
 to bile when the plays or movies or art shows in question prove as
 disappointing as one sort of suspected they would be.

            Under-researched and perfunctory (no editor or reporter wants this
 unrewarding, time-consuming assignment), tending toward hyperbole (once a
 writer has picked things to preview, he has to justify his choices), previews
 nonetheless provide a valuable service. You read the pix, you buy your tix, and
 you're cocktail-party-proofed for the season. The only problem is that not
 everybody goes to cocktail parties, or even longs to be up on the latest thing.
 What about those of us who consume culture on the fly--who go to the movies
 only when dragged to the megaplex by the kids, who buy books at airport
 bookstores, who need to know whether the Broadway show whose high-priced
 tickets our parents are trying to pawn off on us is a gaudy spectacle from hell
 or Great Art? We don't want long lists of everything we know we should see but
 never will. We want the opposite: a list of everything we must absolutely not
 see, under any circumstances, if it were the only show playing in the
 godforsaken town where we'd gone for a stint in an isolation tank and ... you
 get the idea.

            To this end, Culturebox hereby inaugurates the Culturebox Anti-Fall-Preview:
 an admittedly unscientific list of the musts-to-avoid in this fall's cinematic,
 literary, theatrical, and sartorial seasons. Just because it's unscientific
 doesn't mean it won't be empirical: Though Culturebox lacks a vast staff of
 underlings to read, watch, listen, and try on the latest size-2 fashions for
 her, she will rely on you, dear readers, for data.
