
   
   
      
         
            Busy, Busy, Busy!

            Last Friday's Wall Street Journal featured the following curiosity:
 The editors asked six celebrities to describe their vacation reading, and one,
 Virgin chairman Richard Branson, wasn't reading anything because he was "making
 changes to my upcoming autobiography, 'Losing My Virginity.'" A second, 60
 Minutes correspondent Lesley Stahl, was "reading my own words again and
 again" on "a book I am writing"--which the fall books issue of Publishers
 Weekly reveals to be a memoir called Reporting Live , due out in
 January. A third, Sen. John McCain, said he was reading The Oxford Book of
 Irish Short Stories , but was either lying or had just skimmed the book
 while procrastinating, since elsewhere he has said that his autobiography is
 due in his publishers' offices by the end of the year. A fourth, physicist Leon
 Lederman, wasn't reading because he was composing a sequel to his book on
 particle physics, The God Particle , which he said was known around his
 house as Trapped on Chapter Six . A fifth, 15-year-old piano prodigy
 Helen Huang, may not even have been asked the question, but in any case did not
 offer the name of a book. Of the six, only the basketball star in the bunch,
 Detroit Piston Grant Hill, appears to have been seriously reading anything
 other than his own prose. His summer printed matter was a celebrity
 autobiography, Christopher Reeve's Still Me .

            A congress of keyboard tappers so dedicated only the athletes have time to
 lift their heads and read everyone else's prose! How sane, how fully
 self-actualized! It is a commonplace of literary history that the emergence of
 autobiography in the West reflects the development of the mature, individuated,
 self-aware self. To quote the German philosopher Wilhelm Dilthey:
 "Autobiography is the highest and most instructive form in which the
 understanding of life comes before us." Dilthey hadn't read Dick Morris, but
 that's a small point.
