
   
   
      
         
            You Don't Know Jackboots!

            Chatterbox yields to no content-provider when it comes to condemning special
 prosecutor Kenneth Starr's excesses--in particular, Starr's attempt to
 criminalize criticism by calling Clinton aide Sidney Blumenthal into the grand
 jury room. But the reaction to Starr's subpoena of the records of Monica
 Lewinsky's purchases at a Washington, D.C. bookstore has been mindlessly
 critical. Former Democratic Congresswoman Pat Schroeder immediately called the
 subpoena "repugnant to the Bill of Rights" and "a scenario that belongs in
 Baghdad." The ACLU harrumphed about "the right to buy books without government
 scrutiny," while the director of the Americans for Democratic Action drew a
 comparison to "some of the worst abuses under a totalitarian regime." Nicholson
 Baker, whose phone-sex novel Vox Monica allegedly bought, went for a
 cute, somewhat forced sound bite by saying that "Starr should get down on his
 kneepads and beg the country's pardon for undermining the Constitution in this
 way." Monica's lawyer William Ginsburg charged ... well, you can imagine what
 William Ginsburg charged.

            Everyone should calm down. Can't books be evidence? If someone bludgeons
 Chatterbox to death with a copy of David Halberstam's The Children ,
 Chatterbox hopes prosecutors will be able to check whether any of its enemies
 previously purchased that worthy tome. If someone blows up the United Nations,
 it's worth knowing if the prime suspect bought The Anarchist's Cookbook
 or Michael Reagan's book on the "New World Order." And, to pick another
 hypothetical example, if Monica Lewinsky has told Linda Tripp's tape recorder
 that she, Monica, had phone sex with the president on December 3 after buying a
 copy of Vox , isn't Starr permitted to try to support the accuracy of
 those taped recollections by finding out if Lewinsky actually bought the book
 around that date? Were Starr trying to punish Lewinsky for her thoughts or
 tastes or reading habits or speech--the way he was threatening to punish
 Blumenthal--all the Nazis-are-coming hysteria might be justified.
