
   
   
      
         
            Great Moments in Flytrap Lit

            First and foremost, of course, my colleague David
 Plotz's review of three quickie Flytrap books. But after that, New York
 Times editorial writer Anthony Lewis's column
 praising philosopher Thomas Nagel's essay in the August 14 issue of the
 Times Literary Supplement , and the essay itself. In it, Nagel makes two
 obvious but overlooked points: 1. Civilization is impossible without
 distinctions drawn between private and public life, and between the inner and
 the outer self; and 2. A society governed by politicians without private lives
 or inner selves is a society governed by madmen or cretins.

            Two caveats. In his column, Lewis uses the philosopher's more finely-tuned
 prose as an occasion to bash everyone who, in Lewis's words, "let[s] it all
 hang out." By the time Lewis is through attacking everyone who exemplies this
 Sixties-ish phrase (Joyce Maynard, Paul Theroux, anyone who might have
 criticized JFK's sexual escapades during his administration), you wonder
 whether any speech about the sexual behavior of public figures is worth
 protecting. Aren't there some occasions (date rape, say, or wife-beating) where
 we'd want to niggle or quibble? The virtue of Nagel's essay is precisely that
 he doesn't go overboard the way Lewis does. He defends privacy without
 disparaging the gains of the past 30 years. He is for the sexual
 revolution--and who wants to go back to the days when the mention of private
 acts was so taboo we had no way to talk about domestic violence or flagrant
 abuses of power? Nagel's more subtle complaint is that an increase in sexual
 tolerance has been transmogrified into an increase in sexual shaming: "What
 looked initially like a growth of freedom has culminated in the reinstitution
 of the public pillory."

            Second caveat, this time with Nagel. As often happens when intellectuals
 discuss Flytrap, Nagel lapses into a tone of world-weary, almost European
 snobbishness, declaring that America's inability to respect the rules of
 civility reveals its immaturity as a society.
