
   
   
      
         
            Hey, Teacher, Leave Those Kids Alone!

            
               The Chronicle of Higher Education reports that linguists have
 invented a computer program that understands student writing. That would be a
 welcome advance in civilization, had it not also opened a window on the corrupt
 bargain between students and professors when it comes to teaching basic
 literary skills in the first place.

            The Intelligent Essay Assessor (an Orwellian misnomer, of course) is based
 on a form of artificial intelligence called LSA--latent semantic analysis,
 explained in detail on this website. In brief--bear with me here--the program first compares
 reference materials to sample essays which have been graded by a professor,
 then compares the sample essays to student essays. The students don't have to
 use particular keywords for the program to figure out what they're talking
 about; it has a wide vocabulary. As for grading, "[I]f an essay appears to
 convey the same knowledge as verifiably good essays, the computer gives it a
 good score. If a student's work looks similar to a poor essay, it gets a low
 score."

            Here's what the IEA catches: Students who never read the assignment in the
 first place; plagiarists; people who try to beat the program by packing the
 essay with relevant keywords but not stringing them together in any meaningful
 way. Here's what it doesn't catch: "clever turns of phrase or creative
 approaches to an assignment." But isn't that the essence of higher education?
 Wrong! This month's issue of American Demographics reports that more
 students than ever don't give a fig about clever turns of phrase or creative
 approaches to assignments. They want big financial aid packages and the
 assurance of a good job after graduation. Once they get into the school of
 their choice, they study less than they ever have. "College students want to
 reap what they consider to be the maximum benefits -- money and social status
 -- for the minimum amount of work," says the study's author.
