
   
   
      
         
            Sexual McCarthyism

            Philip Roth's new novel, I Married a Communist , tells the story of a
 radio actor and party member whose movie-actress-wife publishes a tell-all that
 destroys him. The question of the month in certain literary circles is: Will it
 be read high-mindedly, as a cautionary reconsideration of McCarthyism, or
 pruriently, as Roth's counterattack on his ex-wife, actress and memoirist
 Claire Bloom? The reviews haven't come out yet, but Culturebox bets on Bloom.
 For confirmation, see this week's fall preview in New York magazine:
 "Nathan Zuckerman sits silently as another of Roth's blue-eyed Jews is built up
 and destroyed, this time by a self-involved actress with a Jewish past, a
 demanding daughter, and a British accent. Sound familiar?"

            Culturebox would like to suggest a third possibility: I Married a
 Communist is about both McCarthyism and Bloom (there's a parody of her
 memoir in the novel that's hilarious)--but what it's really about is Flytrap.
 Or, if you prefer, sexual McCarthyism: the madness that prevails when private
 mistakes become daily fodder for public titillation, and are then used as
 political weapons to club the poor sinning bastards to death. Ira Gingold, our
 hero, is a passionate Communist, a troubling fact addressed by Roth with all
 the moral seriousness one could ask for, knowing what we know today. But what
 proves his undoing is not his proselytizing for the party, wrong-headed though
 that is. It's his foolish marriage and adulterous affair, as exploited by an
 evil gossip columnist who goes on to become a United States senator.

            There are many passages in this novel that are hard not to read as
 commentary on today's Topic A. Until the book hits bookstores in a week or so,
 you'll have to make do with this sample:

            
               Once the human tragedy has been played out, it gets turned over to
 the journalists to banalize into entertainment.
