
   
   
      
         
            Net Gains
            

            Dear Joe,

            I am glad you bit my well-baited hook about the impact of the Internet,
 since it has become one of our most frothy debates these days. In fact, I just
 got back from a book tour with two other technology writers, one of whom held
 your exact sentiments about the current development of the Web. He and I
 debated intensely over the course of two weeks and we never really changed each
 other's mind. I ended up calling him a whiney Luddite and he said I was
 Web-addled. In any case, you hit all the high points of the arguments pro and
 con that are taking place, so let me address them one by one.

            First, you are right that the Web is being used--and aggressively--by
 fomenters of hate who are spewing their poisonous attitudes out to the wider
 world using these powerful new technologies. My general attitude is still that
 this is probably a good thing, because I've always held the position that
 sunlight is the best disinfectant and all speech needs to be spoken. All these
 sites are surely loathsome to see, but haven't these attitudes been in
 existence since the dawn of time? Frankly, I would rather be able to more
 clearly see exactly what these sites are spouting than to have them hide away
 dangerously in dark corners, ready to pounce. For the vast majority of people,
 being able to witness this dreck tends to remove its mystery and points out its
 idiocy only more clearly. When you know that the Internet seems to bring out
 the worst in people, I think your problem may be with the darker side of
 humanity more than anything else.

            Second, you are right that it is unlikely that the Internet will live up to
 its potential. But what does really? Not me and not you and not television and
 not anything else. Some of what is on the Web right now is silly, some
 depressing, some crazy, and some just plain stupid. A lot of what is being
 created now is aimed only at getting people to buy more stuff they probably
 don't need.
