
   
   
      
         
            The Affirmative Action Wars, Part 37

            The backlash against William G. Bowen and Derek Bok's The Shape of the
 River , a liberal defense of affirmative action, has kicked into gear, and
 much of it won't surprise you. There's the attacker: Abigail Thernstrom,
 co-author (with her husband Stephan) of America in Black and White: One
 Nation, Indivisible and one of the loudest opponents of affirmative action
 around. There's the venue: the Wall Street Journal editorial page.
 There's the old juggle-with-numbers. Is a 75 percent graduation rate for blacks
 at top colleges proof of the success of race-sensitive admissions or of its
 failure? Proof of success, according to Bowen and Bok; proof of failure,
 according to Thernstrom. The white graduation rate is 86 percent, so she
 reconfigures the stats to show that blacks have a dropout rate that's 78
 percent higher for blacks than for whites.

            But Thernstom's main argument is original. She says an education at an elite
 college doesn't matter as much as everyone says it does, so elite colleges
 shouldn't work so hard to admit more blacks. Bowen and Bok claim we need
 affirmative action from top schools because that's what created the black
 middle class in the first place? Not so fast! says Thernstrom: "Where are their
 control groups, demonstrating in some rigorous fashion that the equally
 academically strong, ambitious and discipline black student who attends the
 University of South Carolina instead of Oberlin does less well in life?"
 Lacking hard data, Thernstrom supplies anecdotal evidence: a list of blacks who
 did well in life even though they didn't go to Princeton or Penn. It includes
 Cynthia Tucker, editorial writer at the Atlanta Constitution , who went
 to Auburn University; Clarence Page, a columnist for the Chicago
 Tribune , who went to Ohio; Brent Staples of the New York Times , who
 went to Widener, Vernon Jordan, who went to Depauw; and so on.

            Leaving aside the little hooks that ripple this flowing counternarrative of
 success, like the fact that Staples went to graduate school at the University
 of Chicago, Culturebox is charmed by a certain self-inverting quality to
 Thernstrom's argument.
