
   
   
      
         
            What Churchill Knew

            Conquering troops swagger into towns, round up members of an undesirable
 ethnic population, and systematically slaughter them. The world knows all about
 it but dithers anyway. Not for years after they first learn of the pattern of
 atrocities do they do anything about it. Sound familiar? We're not talking
 Kosovo or Bosnia here. We're talking about the war which taught the Serbs just
 how much horror an occupier can get away with.

            One of the many unpleasant duties of Holocaust historians involves rounding
 out the portrait of Allied indifference to the genocide of the Jews during
 World War II. Richard Breitman, a historian at American University, has just
 added some new details to that picture. In his book, Official Secrets: What
 The Nazis Planned, What the British and Americans Knew (Hill and Wang), he
 argues that the British were made fully aware of the Nazi plan to wipe out the
 Jews as early as January 1942--half a year earlier than previously thought.

            Breitman's argument, based on recently declassified British intelligence
 documents, goes as follows: As early as 1939, British decoders unscrambled
 radio signals from German special police units. Messages intercepted from the
 Eastern Front in September 1941 showed that these units were following behind
 the army and rounding up vast numbers of Jews in the Soviet Union. The decoders
 knew something about Nazi terminology by then, so they understood that "special
 duties" or "pacification" meant something much worse than relocation. They'd
 also heard enough to know that it was a campaign planned before the
 invasion of the Soviet Union, not some random by-product of war. This
 intelligence rose all the way up to British Foreign Minister Anthony Eden, who
 quashed it, and Winston Churchill, who enfolded it in grandiose speeches about
 mass execution that didn't quite explain what was occurring.

            What difference would this information have made?
