
   
   
      
         
            Fuzzy Logic

            It is said that publishing is not a business but an art. Movie executives
 are famous for knowing their box-office grosses, dollar for dollar, the day
 after the movie opens. Not book executives. "I'll call an editor and ask how a
 client's book is selling, and he'll say 'Oh, gee, I don't know! Let me check
 with inventory," an agent told me recently. "But of course, all inventory can
 tell you--when inventory finally gets back to the editor, three days later--is
 how many books have been ordered, not how many have been sold." Not until much
 later (as much as a year later), after bookstores have returned all their
 unsold copies, can publishers compile firm sales figures. And even then, the
 numbers are not particularly helpful. Did a book sell better in Topeka or San
 Diego? In the spring or in the summer?

            There are ways to answer those questions, but the book industry doesn't seem
 all that interested in the answers. Bookscan, for instance, is a system made
 and marketed by Soundscan, the company that brings you the music industry's
 greatest-hits charts. Soundscan gets its numbers from a scanning device
 installed at checkout counters at more than 85 percent of all music outlets in
 America. Bookscan is trying to put a similar gizmo into bookstores. So far, it
 hasn't caught on. Unlike Soundscan, which swept swiftly through the music
 business after it was introduced, when Bookscan was unveiled last year, it was
 dismissed by the American Association of Publishers, whose official line on it
 was that it was too expensive. (Publishers would have to pay Bookscan for the
 data.)

            Was that the real reason it was rejected? Publishers could have come
 back to Bookscan and said, we like your product but want you to bring your
 price down. You'd think they'd be eager to learn whether local or national
 advertising works better, or whether book tours do anything other than stroke
 authorial egos.
