
   
   
      
         
            Quibbles and Corrections

            Dear Culturebox:

            I'm not sure why booksellers don't want the hard numbers, but their
 instincts are dead right. Soundscan has done nothing but harm to the creative
 end of rock & roll--not because it has made information available, but
 because it has made information available too quickly to people who, in turn,
 overvalue the importance of information gotten too quickly.

            Put another way, Soundscan has killed off word of mouth. It used to be that
 a critic could get behind an album, or an influential DJ, or a cohort of
 college kids--and bingo, an interesting album becomes a hit album. Now it's
 wham-bam: An album isn't catching on in a week or two (as measured by
 Soundscan) and the plug gets pulled on promotion, the CD gets pulled from
 racks, etc.

            Further, the industry itself starts pushing albums that will "open
 big"--albums with a catchy single (and maybe little else) and (did somebody say
 "synergy"?) soundtrack albums. Look at this week's Pop Top 20 for the results
 of Soundscan. If you want a Lorrie Moore to sneak onto the bestseller list
 every once in a while, you better hope Bookscan never catches on.-- Gerry
 Marzorati
            

            
               Dear Gerry:
            

            
               I think there's a risk of such short-sighted thinking, but I don't think
 it would prevail in the end. There just wouldn't be enough blockbusters to keep
 the book market going as a blockbuster-only concern. If all publishers and
 booksellers pursued that strategy, in the end some of them would be forced to
 re-enter the quality books market, just to get themselves back in the game. I
 tend to think that's what's happening in Hollywood, actually, which is why the
 whole indie scene has become so hot.
            

            
               In response to your Lorrie Moore point, I'd think Bookscan would have the
 opposite effect.
