
   
   
      
         
            Brow Beating

            Dear Culturebox--

            In response to your "whole indie scene" point: To me this is the problem,
 not the solution. There was once in this country--let's say the 60's for
 shorthand--a thriving Highish Midbrow Culture.

            This is a culture where Roth and Updike made the bestseller list; where Bob
 Dylan's "Blonde on Blonde" charted; where Francis Ford Coppola made a studio
 movie called The Godfather ; and where Michael Herr published his Vietnam
 War Dispatches in Esquire . I think this culture mattered--not
 just to the artists who created these works, but to the lived texture of life
 in middle-class America. I think this culture mattered to as many middle-class
 Americans as it did because these works were produced and dispensed and
 promoted by mainstream businesses, who knew how to reach them. I think these
 mainstream businesses produced, dispensed and promoted these products not
 because there were hard numbers because some individual in some office at these
 places believed in the artists and their products.

            Now we have a vapid Blockbuster Culture and a fringy Indie Culture and a
 fragile Highish Midbrow Culture that ever more depends, like the High Culture
 world of museums and opera houses long has, on the largesse of angels--think of
 Si Newhouse...or, closer to home, Bill Gates. Hold your Bookscan, please. I'll
 take the rumpled editor who takes a bet on a Lorrie Moore and sticks with her
 until the breakout book--and maybe buys the time by signing up a decent
 cookbook.

            
               ---Gerry Marzorati
            

            
               Dear Gerry--
            

            I don't know. I think you're letting nostalgia cloud your vision. Then as
 now, there was infinitely more cheese-topping on the great cultural pizza than
 there was pepperoni, even if you lower the brow-level on the pepperoni. What
 about that hit sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies ? ( Beverly Hills 90210
 is merely a few blocks over and up from that.
