
   
   
      
         
            Chatterbox Goes Too Far!

            One reason Kathleen Willey's tale of groping and fondling in the Oval Office
 seems credible is this: if she were making up a story, she could have made up a
 much better one. For example, Willey told Ed Bradley of 60 Minutes that
 when Clinton made his pass, she remembers saying to him, "Aren't you afraid
 that somebody's going to walk in here?" Not exactly the strongest or most
 plaintive objection she might have lodged. The pass itself could easily have
 been made cruder, and Willey could have alleged it was repeated--if she'd been
 in a fabricating, sympathy-generating mode. Thanks to Time magazine, we
 have evidence that when Willey wants to make up a story, she knows how
 to pull out all the emotional stops. Time says that in 1995 when Willey
 decided to get back at a former lover, Shaun Docking, she told him she was
 pregnant. But not just pregnant, pregnant with his twins! Then she told him she
 would have an abortion. Then on the morning the abortion was supposed to
 happen, she had her then-friend, Julie Steele, tell him she'd called it off.
 Then she had her friend tell him she'd had a miscarriage! Could any hack
 screenwriter have milked that scenario for more drama? Contrast that with the
 banality of Willey's Clinton story. So, in a perverse way, Time's tale
 of Willey's pregnancy lie actually tends to support her veracity when it comes
 to Clinton. ... Okay, maybe that's going a bit too far. But you get the point
 ...

            
               Save Clinton First! Some pretty good evidence that Flytrap has
 seriously distracted the president: columnist Robert Novak reports that at the
 Gridiron Dinner on March 21, he sat next to Clinton and asked the president
 about Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan's Social Security reform proposal, which
 Moynihan had unveiled a week earlier. (See Jodie Allen's analysis.) For any president
 interested in, say, a second term legacy, Moynihan's plan was a reasonably big
 deal.
