
   
   
      
         
            Too Good To Check

            Bruno Doesseker is the real name of a Swiss author known to the world as
 Binjamin Wilkomirski, a Latvian Jewish concentration camp survivor and
 memoirist who is now accused of having wholly fabricated his harrowing tale of
 toddlerhood in the camps. When I read about him earlier this week in the
 New York Times , I immediately  sided with the guy--whatever his name
 was. I hadn't read the book, but I remembered the reviews. Here was an author
 hailed by one shaken critic after another for the literary quality of his
 horrific prose. His book (his first) had been instantly promoted to the first
 ranks of the Holocaust canon. What did factuality have to do with artistic
 merit?

            Before you write me off as a waffling postmodernist, let me remind you that
 publishing fiction as truth is an enduring tradition in world literature,
 dating back to the early days of the novel, a genre deemed suspect because it
 involved telling lies. One of the greatest novels in any language, Robinson
 Crusoe , was published by an author named Robinson Crusoe--not by Daniel
 Defoe--and passed off as a factual tale. The Spanish picaresque tales that
 Cervantes harvested in Don Quixote were published as autobiography.
 Mark Twain parodies this custom in the opening paragraph of Huck Finn ,
 when he has Huck assure the reader that The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
 was true, even though written by this other fellow, Mark Twain: "There was
 things which he stretched, but mainly he told the truth."

            Before Wilkomirski a.k.a. Doesseker was exposed--his nemesis was another
 Holocaust memoirist, bitter at his lack of comparable  success--he traveled
 around the world giving seminars on the memory-recovering techniques that led
 to his "discovery" that he was a Holocaust survivor. That was
 snake-oil-salesman-ish of him, but still. All those reviewers couldn't be
 wrong. I couldn't wait to get my hands on this mischievously category-defying
 masterpiece and savor the higher truths that emanated from its pages.
