
   
   
      
         
            Cute, Very Cute

            

               Feeling terrorized by cuteness? The last few years have witnessed Beanie
 Babies and ravers in pacifiers and pigtails and the box-office success of
 Antz. Now even hi-tech is morphing into cute-tech. Consider Volkswagen's
 new Beetle, a shiny bubble of a thing whose tag line in print ads wonders: "Hug
 it? Drive it?" Or Apple's iMac, with its cheery translucent green casing that
 seems to declare, "Unlike all those complicated computers that try to
 intimidate you, I have no secrets." The latest foray into cuteness is Intel's,
 the chip manufacturer having recently unveiled the design for a machine it
 wants hardware companies to make. The Intel "concept computer" struggles
 mightily to be cute despite its distinctly uncute name: "Legacy Removal Concept PC." It's a loud red or blue or green
 computer-in-a-box which is goofily reminiscent of an Aztec pyramid.

               Intel's strained effort to please makes the whole cute-machine thing
 slightly painful, but Culturebox predicts that cute is more than a passing fad
 in industrial design. Cute might seem downmarket, given the associations
 companies usually want to attach to their top-flight computers and cars--you
 know, power, speed, precision engineering, the building blocks of American
 masculinity. And huggable machines do seem custom-tailored for technophobes,
 which in the electronics and automobile businesses is often a coded reference
 to women. The Beetle does have that plastic bud vase. But Ron Lawner,
 the advertising executive behind the car's marketing campaign, denies that the
 company was targeting women: "I don't think the car is not macho. It's just
 more approachable than either the more boring Japanese cars or the more
 pretentious high-priced German cars."

               In fact, another theory of cute machines holds that not only are they not
 downscale, they're aimed at the high end of the market. Chee Perlman, the
 editor-in-chief of I.
