
   
   
      
         
            Is Furby a Must-Buy?

            Here's a brief sordid history of toys-of-the-year: Fisticuffs have erupted
 over Cabbage Patch Kids; Tickle-Me-Elmos have been stockpiled and scalped for
 bank-breaking prices; Beanie Baby counterfeiters have taken rubes to the
 cleaners; and this year's toy-of-the-year--Furby--is already sold out of
 several chains and is being auctioned off on eBay for up to $200 apiece

            I first got suspicious about Furbys when I read their online instructions,
 which sounded like an excerpt from a pornographic version of G.B. Shaw's
 Pygmalion :

            "Before you play with me, please follow these simple steps:

            

               Turn me upside down and open my battery door.

               Insert four (4) AA batteries into my battery compartment. PLEASE DO NOT
 CLOSE THE BATTERY COMPARTMENT YET.

               While holding me upside down, put your finger in my mouth and hold down my
 tongue switch, then hit Reset button

               While holding my tongue switch, please close my battery door and secure the
 screw.

               I will now wake up and tell you my name. I am now ready to play!"

            

            The doll looks more like a Gremlin than a Galatea--furry, big ears, big
 eyes, no neck. The source of its appeal, however, is Galatea-like: You teach,
 it learns. It has a motor, internal speakers, a computer chip, a light sensor,
 a sound sensor, and touch sensors, so in addition to old-hat tricks like
 blinking and "dancing," Furby knows whether you're in the room and will talk,
 sing, and generally act cute. But most importantly, Furby responds to Pavlovian
 conditioning.

            When you first get the Furby, for instance, you can tickle its stomach and
 it may or may not give you a kiss. If it kisses you and you immediately pat it
 on the back, you increase the likelihood of it kissing you next time you tickle
 its tummy. Furbys also have their own language, Furbish, "which is heavily
 influenced by the languages of Thai, Chinese, Mandarin, and Hebrew.
