
   
   
      
         
            Cry Me A River

            Earlier this week, Ellen DeGeneres was quoted in the Los Angeles
 Times saying that she and her girlfriend, actress Anne Heche, had fired
 their agents and publicists and were leaving Hollywood--they were sick of the
 homophobia they'd experienced since coming out as lesbians last year.
 "Everything that I ever feared happened to me," DeGeneres said. "I lost my
 show. I've been attacked like hell. I went from making a lot of money on a
 sitcom to making no money."

            What's the problem here? Heche got better reviews than the heterosexual
 Harrison Ford in last spring's hapless comedy Six Days, Seven Nights ,
 and today she reprises Janet Leigh's role in Psycho as the most
 notorious murder victim in film history. DeGeneres has two movies coming out
 (one a Ron Howard comedy) and is set to do a standup tour later this
 winter.

            I do feel sympathy for Ellen. To come out of the closet and begin a new
 relationship under such intense public scrutiny is unimaginable. I'm happy that
 my own period of playing the gay megaphone, which took place on campus at age
 19, wasn't staged for Diane Sawyer, Oprah, and President Clinton. And you have
 to admit that the professional pressure on DeGeneres was fierce, even if her
 dilemma was notable mostly for its irony: Could an sitcom get decent ratings
 if an out lesbian was played by out lesbian?
            

            But if DeGeneres feels that her subtleties as a performer are being
 overshadowed by her status as a lesbian, she's the one who set it up that way.
 She used her sexuality as a crutch throughout the long feud with ABC that
 dominated the troubled last season of her show. She should have copped to the
 fact that after a single luminous, thought-provoking, and joyful coming-out
 episode in the spring of 1997, Ellen got lost in awkwardly orchestrated,
 unfunny plot developments about parents and first girlfriends. Instead, she
 called her network a bunch of homophobes.
