
   
   
      
         
            Trekkin'

            As Trekkies will tell you, the even-numbered Star Trek pictures have
 been more or less OK, the odd ones leaden bummers. Star Trek:
 Insurrection , the ninth feature, finally lifts the odd-number curse. Not
 that it's as stellar as Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan (1982) or even
 Star Trek VI: 
               The Undiscovered 
               Country (1991). It's just
 pleasant. Directed in plain style by Jonathan Frakes (who also appears as the
 Enterprise's second-in-command, Riker), this is probably the closest the movies
 have come to a TV episode--one of the ones in which the Enterprise crew beams
 down to an idyllic agrarian planet where people knead dough and dress like
 Stevie Nicks and where the Captain falls in love with a headstrong woman and
 has impassioned debates about the Prime Directive before the phasers and the
 photon torpedos come out and things blow up real good.

            The agrarians are the Ba'ku, who, thanks to "metaphasic radiation," live
 more or less forever, which means their youth have thirty-year apprenticeships
 and the planet's needlepoint is of a high order. The bad guys, the Son'a, led
 by Ruf'afo (F. Murray Abraham) are ugly bleeders with the kind of puffy-muslin
 skin you see on third-degree burn victims; their favorite pastime is having
 their dermal layers stretched and their skulls reupholstered. The Plug-Uglies
 want to harvest the metaphasic radiation particles in the rings around the
 Beauties' planet. 'Nuff said.

            There are two classes of Star Trek scripts: the Brannon Braga kind,
 which feature spatial-temporal gimmicks and Generation X banter; and the
 Michael Piller kind, which focus on interspecies political coups and earthbound
 (ground-bound?) ethical deliberations. This is one of the latter, and things do
 get pokey. But when Patrick Stewart deliberates, people listen. His stalwart
 Captain Jean-Luc Picard is the perfect mascot for the 23 rd century,
 in which actors no longer sport ridiculous rugs: Stewart seems to have evolved
 beyond hair.
