
   
   
      
         
            Crying Wolf

            Republican representatives girding themselves for the labor of impeaching a
 popular president would have had reason to feel proud if they happened to read
 the Wall Street 
               Journal 's opinion page last Friday. There, in an
 elevated style more common to Roman public address than to newspaperese, was
 the argument for voting one's conscience rather than one's poll numbers:
 "Greatness and transcendence are why people join political parties, and why
 they go to war. It is why they risk and sacrifice, and engage in political
 argument. Ultimately they are moved by principle, and will for its sake throw
 aside or forgo the material things that scoundrel politicians think they hold
 above all else."

            The editorial was written by Mark Helprin, the conservatives' answer to Toni
 Morrison. Helprin is a leading American novelist ( Memoir from Antproof
 Case , A Soldier of the Great War ) whose great theme is the nobility
 of the warrior and his worldview. He is also a member of the Journal 's
 editorial board and a cowriter of Bob Dole's famous Senate resignation speech.
 Helprin has called for Clinton's impeachment since the first days of the
 Lewinsky affair. His arguments have a real resonance (to this reader, anyway),
 since they go to the heart of the matter, at least as high-school English
 classes teach us to define it: that a man's character shapes his actions.
 Citing the long record of the president's "boldness and mendacity"--not just
 the Lewinsky case but the Travel Office and FBI file coverups, etc.--Helprin
 compares the fibbing Clinton to the model of the self-sacrificing statesman:
 "As others move in the light, he will move in the darkness, so that as others
 move in darkness, he may move in the light. ... A statesman must have a
 temperament that is suited for the Medal of Honor, in a soul that is unafraid
 to die."

            Helprin, in short, is a militant idealist, the Steven Spielberg of political
 argument.
