
   
   
      
         
            Good News Hunting!

            "ADMISSIONS PLUNGE AT U. OF CALIFORNIA FOR 3 MINORITIES." That was the
 headline over the lead story in the April 1 edition of the New York
 Times . A similarly disturbing message ("Acceptance of Blacks, Latinos to UC
 Plunges") topped the Los Angeles Times . The figures did seem grim. At
 UC's Berkeley campus, according to the NYT , the share of the three
 "underrepresented minorities"--blacks, Hispanics, and American Indians--fell
 from 23.1 percent of admitted freshman to 10.4 percent. Black admissions
 dropped 57 percent. At U.CL.A., the NYT told us, the three minorities'
 share fell from 19.8 percent to 12.7 percent, with blacks down 43 percent. The
 fears of opponents of Proposition 209, which eliminated racial preferences in
 California's public institutions, seemed to be coming true--despite the efforts
 of UC officials to compensate for the end of race preferences by giving an edge
 to students who have overcome economic hardships. "This shows that economics
 will not substitute for race," said Theodore M. Shaw, the director-counsel of
 the NAACP Legal Defense Fund.

            But those were only the figures for two individual UC campuses; the
 university has eight campuses in all. Students who don't get into one campus
 sometimes get into another one. And today, two days after the release of the
 UCLA and Berkeley numbers, the university president's office released the
 figures for the entire UC system. The news wasn't nearly as grim. The total for
 the three minorities fell, but only from 17.6 percent to 15.4 percent. The
 Hispanic share of admissions fell, but only from 13.2 to 11.9 percent. The
 black share of admissions fell, but only from 3.5 percent to 2.8 percent--a
 loss of about 250 African-American students over all eight campuses. Even that
 number may be misleading, since it doesn't include blacks who chose not to
 check the optional box declaring their race. Indeed, the large increase in the
 number of students declining to give their ethnic origin was one of the more
 striking, and heartening, phenomena in the UC admissions stats (and one the
 NYT ignored in its April 1 story).
