
   
   
      
         
            Idiot Box

            
               Please note: All times are Eastern Standard.
 Please check local listings for times in your area.
            

            All together now, from the top . . . In the week
 after Christmas my true love gave to me 10 college bowls, 9 hours of wrestling,
 8 NFL games, 7 figure skaters, 6 soccer players, 5 college hoops match ups, 4
 hockey goalies, 3 rounds of pro golf, 2 ABL games, and the Branson, Mo.,
 lumberjack finals.

            OK. There are, in fact, 14 bowl games in the coming
 week, and pro wrestling is more "sports entertainment" than actual sport.
 Nonetheless, these are heady days for sports fans. Gridiron junkies in
 particular can kick back in the Barcalounger at 11:00 New Years morn (Cotton
 Bowl, Fox; Outback Bowl, ESPN) and vanish into a festival of testosterone until
 the final gun sounds on the Sugar Bowl (ABC, 8:30) some time around
 midnight.

            Sadly, for non-sports addicts, the holiday season
 continues its grim run. The series repeats continue apace, and the movie
 selections aren't much more appealing than last week's offerings. Exhibits A
 and B: NBC's Free Willy 2 (Sun., 7:00)--as if the theme music from the
 first movie didn't make you want to take harpoon lessons--and TNT's
 inexplicable back-to-back showings of Sidekicks , the 1993 flop starring
 Chuck Norris as himself--only taller (Wed., 8:00, 10:15).

            Even in the darkest weeks, however, there is a
 glimmer of relief. UPN, for instance, is showing Miller's Crossing (Sun.
 8:00), the Coen brothers' 1990 paean to the gangster flick. Fargo 's
 Oscar success notwithstanding, Miller's 
               Crossing remains the
 Coen's best offering. Beautifully acted, beautifully scored, and most
 beautifully shot, it gives a self-conscious nod to mob-movie romanticism
 without gutting the myth a la Scorsese's 1990 gangster hit, Goodfellas .
 (It also provides the best role Gabriel Byrne is ever likely to get: half
 Richard Burton, half Al Pacino)

            Seven o'clock Thursday morning, the Sci-Fi Channel
 launches its Twilight Zone marathon--21 hours of the eeriest series
 ever.
