
   
   
      
         
            Idiot Box: New Year's Week  Edition

            
               All times are
 Eastern, but check your local listings just in case.
            

            Thanks god it's over. Holiday hell is behind us now,
 and things appear to be looking up--at least on TV. The repeats are fewer, the
 movies are better, the flood of gooey holiday commercials is drying up--they're
 even showing back-to-back Ally on Fox (Mon., 8:00 & 9:00
 p.m.).

            Leading off the week, there's good news for everyone
 still in a funk over Frank Sinatra's passing: A&E has put together a
 swingin' two-part, four-hour Biography on the Rat Pack (Part 1, Sun.,
 8:00 p.m.). Centered around the rise, fall, and redemption of the Chairman of
 the Board, the documentary is chock full of fascinating details about how the
 various Packsters were drawn into Sinatra's orbit, starting in the early 1940s.
 Even RP aficionados will swoon over the old photos and footage of not only
 Frank, Dean, Sammy, Peter, and Joey (who does not make an appearance until hour
 three), but also of such silver-screen notables as Ava Gardner, Humphrey
 Bogart, Lauren Bacall, Lana Turner, Clark Gable, and Montgomery Clift. There
 are also terrific vintage clips of kangaroo boxers on Atlantic City's
 boardwalk, the Peter Lawford-Pat Kennedy nuptials, and the Kefauver Senate
 hearings on organized crime.

            Attempts to weave the five men's stories together
 result in some confusing chronological jumps, but the damage isn't serious. One
 sour note: actor Danny Aiello's voice-over. In theory, he's a logical choice--a
 low-key Italian-American who sounds like he could have been one of Frank's mob
 chums. In practice, he stinks up the joint. Admittedly, the script is no prize,
 but Aiello compounds the problem, droning along as if under the influence of
 prescription drugs.

            This week's movie scene offers something for
 everyone. Monday at 9:00 p.m., Bravo is running the Academy Award-winning
 Cinema Paradiso , while CBS goes for mass appeal with Sleepless in
 Seattle .
