
   
   
      
         
            A Mid-Season Night's Dream

            Starting off, there are a couple of mid-season series to address:

            
               Providence . Don't do it. NBC's new drama has been on for a mere two
 weeks (Fri., 8 PM), and is already proving emotionally manipulative in a way
 ER never dreamed.

            Basic premise: In the aftermath of her mother's death--which, incidentally,
 we witness in the first episode--Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Sydney Hansen
 (Melina Kanakaredes) returns home to Providence, R.I., to care for her sweetly
 dysfunctional family and practice real medicine in the local clinic. In the
 first three episodes alone, viewers are subjected to two deaths, an aborted
 wedding, an at-home birth, a wake, and the main character's discovering her
 boyfriend in the shower with another man. Compounding the emotional
 exploitation, Syd's dad (Mike Farrell) is a veterinarian, so every time the
 show's tear-jerk quotient threatens to dip below critical mass, viewers are
 confronted by sick, injured, and dying puppies.

            Content aside, Providence also has a few "artistic" problems. The
 show is positively lousy with long, lingering, dreamy shots of Kanakaredes'
 face. Since she's unquestionably beautiful to behold, a little visual
 indulgence can perhaps be forgiven. What cannot be forgiven, however, is her
 hideous, sing-song voice-over--too perky and heartwarming by half.

            Even more cutesy and annoying, we are periodically inserted into Syd's dream
 life, most of which revolves around her bickering with her dead mother and
 making out with this guy she had a crush on in high school who is now a local
 limo driver. It's reminiscent of Ally McBeal's peeks into characters' inner
 thoughts--but without the special effects or originality.

            Thursday at 9 PM is the premiere of CBS's new series Turks . Yet
 another variation on the ever-popular cop drama, the show follows the trials
 and tribulations of an entire family of Chicago policemen.
