
   
   
      
         
            Coen Head

            My father-in-law got me Ethan Coen's short-story collection Gates of
 Eden for Christmas because I'm so fond of the Coen brothers' movies. (At
 least I assume that's why he got it for me--what kind of man, after all, wants
 his daughter to marry someone with an appetite for Contemporary Short
 Fiction?)

            This is an extraordinary collection. Roughly a third of the stories are
 about mobsters, a third about anomic losers, and a third about growing up
 Jewish in Minneapolis (which Coen did). Throughout, it's a book so funny you
 should not take it out of the house without a change of underpants. The three
 best stories:

            (1) "Have You Ever Been to Electric Ladyland," the monologue of a schlock-
 rock producer trying to figure out who had a motive to break into his house and
 castrate his dog (answer: anyone who's ever had to deal with him for five
 minutes);

            (2) "It is an Ancient Mariner," which has the same kind of
 self-incriminating narrator as Ring Lardner's "Haircut" --and is a better
 story;

            (3) "Gates of Eden," which describes the sexual misadventures of a fascistic
 operative on the California Weights and Measures board. "Well, that's the
 beauty of the Eastern female," says Joe. "We might tag her submissive or
 unliberated or what have you, but to my mind she has a grace and dignity all
 her own, bred by centuries of tradition. Her purpose in life, which she will
 ever strive to perfect, is the serving of her master, Jap though he may
 be."

            Few writers alive have Coen's gift for voice. A lawyer in "Hector Berlioz,
 Private Investigator," says, "I knew a Frenchman once. Fellow named Le Clare,
 though he spelled it Le Clerk. Died of typhus. I did his estate work. Had to
 fill out a bunch of French forms. Pain in the neck, but I guess they know what
 they're doing." And a mafioso in "Destiny" says: "These girls, me they would
 not fuck."

            Even if Gates of Eden was given to me as a curiosity, I'm ticked off
 that the mere handful of critics who've noticed it have reviewed it as a
 curiosity.
