
  
  
    
      March 16, 2000
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Names,
      "Amazing grace! How sweet the sound..."
      The words of this familiar hymn have echoed through churches all
      across the globe for over 200years. Grace is sometimes defined as
      undeserved favor. Have you ever stopped to consider how grace is given to
      people?
      I like to think of The Salvation Army as a place of grace --where
      individuals and families find love and help in their time of need,
      regardless of the situations that bring them to us!
      ...Men and women struggling with addictions find healing, forgiveness
      and the chance to make a new start in life... families living from
      paycheck to paycheck find comfort, food and emergency assistance... and
      underprivileged children have the opportunity to eat well-balanced meals
      and participate in special activities.
      God's grace is found in His forgiveness and unconditional love. In
      turn, we have the opportunity to extend that grace to others by meeting
      their physical and spiritual needs with kindness and compassion.
      Here at The Salvation Army, this is our continuous goal.
      Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown
      grace... when someone reached out to you with answers you couldn't find
      yourself. Or perhaps a specific person comes to mind --such as a sister,
      a grandfather or a daughter --whose life is characterized by grace.
      When I think of grace, I am reminded of the many Salvation Army
      officers and employees who selflessly dedicate their lives to the poor
      and brokenhearted. In my years of working with The Salvation Army, I've
      seen grace transform the lives of many people. Often, those who come to
      us for help have exhausted all other resources. But the love, assistance
      and guidance that we offer them hope for a better tomorrow.
      I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others
      than at Easter.
