
   
   
      
         
            A Hundred Years Of Something Or Other

            Last year the Modern Library raised a ruckus with its "hundred best novels
 of the century" list. It also sold a ton of books--which made a "hundred best
 non-fiction books" list inevitable. It will be released at the Los Angeles
 BookExpo in April.

            The first complaint about the earlier list (aside from the basic crassness
 of the enterprise) was that it had been made from a checklist prepared by
 experts. But experts turned out to be not such a bad thing. When Random House
 asked readers to vote, 7 of the top 10 novels were by either Ayn Rand or L. Ron
 Hubbard. (Only Orwell's 1984 , Tolkien's Lord of the Rings , and
 Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird cracked the magic circle.)

            A second complaint: The panel was too white and too male. So the new panel
 has: Maya Angelou, Daniel Boorstin, A.S. Byatt, Caleb Carr, Christopher Cerf,
 Ron Chernow, Shelby Foote, Stephen Jay Gould, Vartan Gregorian, Charles
 Johnson, Mary Karr, Jon Krakauer, Edmund Morris, Elaine Pagels, John
 Richardson, Arthur Schlesinger Jr., Carolyn See, William Styron, and Gore
 Vidal.

            It will be hard to make this work. Another problem is that there's vastly
 more good non-fiction than fiction.

            And what is "non-fiction"? Does it include science, clearing a path
 for Thomas Kuhn and Lewis Thomas? Philosophy, psychology? Camus's The
 Rebel is an automatic. But do you include dazzling prose writers like
 Sigmund Freud and William James? Does Nietzsche's posthumous (1908 ) Ecce
 Homo get safe passage out of the 19th century, as Samuel Butler's The
 Way of All Flesh so bizarrely did on the fiction list?

            Literary reportage ought to make up the bulk of the list. Rebecca West
 should get a half-dozen listings but will be lucky to get one ( Black Lamb
 and Grey Falcon ). Ditto A.J. Liebling (probably for The Earl of
 Louisiana ). How fictional can this non-fiction be? Does Mailer's The
 Executioner's Song get on?
