
   
   
      
         
            Say No to the Super Bowl

            
               Please note: All times given are Eastern, but check your local listings
 just in case.
            

            Television is a mass medium, and this week's programs are going to lure some
 of the biggest audiences of the year--starting with an orgy of Super Bowl
 coverage on Fox. By the time of the actual kick-off on Sunday at 6:18 p.m., you
 may be convinced that it's your patriotic duty to watch the game. If you
 must be un-American, stick to cable and watch Comedy Central's marathon
 of The Kids in the Hall (Friday, 11:30 p.m.) and six hours of
 Absolutely Fabulous (Sunday, 2 p.m.).

            But make no mistake: Fox rules the TV world this week. Its executives paid
 dearly to win the rights to broadcast the Super Bowl, and they're not going to
 let you ignore it. On the day of the big game, for instance, they're offering
 seven hours of pre-Bowl coverage, starting at 11 a.m. The Super Bowl isn't just
 about football, of course, but about ads, network promotions and a new series.
 The series this year is an innovative animated Fox series to air in March,
 The Family Guy ; it previews at Sunday 10 p.m. Family Guy is
 closer in spirit to South Park than to The Simpsons , and not as
 funny as either, but still, it's pretty inventive and daring. Don't be
 surprised if the Anti-Defamation League attacks the show for highlighting a
 whining, bagel-munching "G.I. Jew" toy soldier.

            Some other options: The Independent Film Channel's ... And God

               Spoke (Saturday, 10 p.m.), a hilarious mock documentary about two
 B-movie filmmakers who are trying to make a big-budget Biblical epic, but are
 reduced to casting Soupy Sales as Moses. Friday (Jan. 29) at 8 p.m., IFC also
 offers an engaging documentary about a genuine indie filmmaker, In Bad
 Taste: The John Waters Story .

            At the other end of the culture is wholesome Vince Gill, the country music
 great featured on A&E's concert series, Live by Request (Saturday, 9
 p.
