
   
   
      
         
            Brox Crox Redux!

            Turns out David Brock's recent Esquire confessional didn't quite
 confess to everything. In Esquire , Brock writes that "a major
 contributor to Newt Gingrich's GOPAC" introduced him to the "gothic world of
 anti-Clintonism." Why would Brock, in his tell-all, decline to name this "major
 contributor?" Now we know. Lynn Sweet of the Chicago Sun-Times reported
 this week that the "contributor," a Chicago investment banker named Peter
 Smith, did more than introduce Brock to the anti-Clinton world. He paid
 Brock $5,000 for "research expenses." ... What's wrong with a reporter taking
 money like that? Nothing, at least in Chatterbox's book. Brock apparently
 wasn't a full-time employee of the American Spectator at the time. So
 someone who wants a story written paid him to research the story. When the Ford
 Foundation does the same thing, they call it a prestigious fellowship! ... But
 if Brock thought it was OK to take the money, why did he seemingly hide
 that fact in Esquire ? And why did it apparently take Smith showing the
 cancelled $5,000 check to Sweet to get Brock to fess up? In the New York
 Post , Brock is quoted as saying "I didn't immediately remember, but I never
 denied it. ... I said if [Smith] has the documentation, I'd be happy to confirm
 it." Do you believe Brock didn't remember getting $5,000 from a secretive
 anti-Clinton operative? Private citizens don't run around offering that kind of
 money to freelance journalists every day, at least that has (unfortunately)
 been Chatterbox's experience. It's especially implausible that Brock "didn't
 remember" the payment when he had just finished writing what was supposed to be
 a confessional article detailing his own journalistic missteps in the service
 of the Clinton-haters--an article that included criticism of "the GOPAC
 moneyman" (Smith) for offering to give "legal expense" checks to the
 anti-Clinton troopers. But if Brock is dissembling about his memory of the
 $5,000, what else is he dissembling about? .
