
   
   
      
         
            A Minor Key

            The Booker Prize has been so controversial that you can't call it England's
 most prestigious fiction prize. But it's still the best-flacked. Ian McEwan won
 it in November for his 192-page Amsterdam , which has just been published
 here. It's a dog. It's also decidedly minor.

            McEwan has never been my favorite writer. I'll assent to the critical
 commonplace that he's a narrative virtuoso. But like a docent at his own
 retrospective, he's ever insistent that we notice that virtuosity. The
 spectacular opening of Enduring Love (1997), in which a half-dozen men
 struggle--and fail--to keep a hot-air balloon from taking off with a small boy
 in it, is Exhibit A for his skill. But even there, the cuteness cloys: "What
 were we running towards? I don't think any of us would ever know fully. But
 superficially the answer was, a balloon. Not the nominal space that encloses a
 cartoon character's speech or thought, nor, by analogy, the kind that's driven
 by mere hot air."

            Clearly, Amsterdam owes its Booker to committee embarrassment over
 not tapping (or even shortlisting) Enduring Love . It's rather like the
 Nobel committee's honoring Hemingway for his vapid The Old Man and the
 Sea . This leads me to realize that "minor" is most often used as a
 synonym for "bad" or "short." It's not. Amsterdam and Old
 Man are both bad, short, and minor works. So what does it mean to call a
 novel "minor"? Herewith, two guesses:

            (1) Minor means solipsistic . McEwan's plot is a contrivance of
 infantile simplicity worked out among four characters. (I won't reveal it, but
 you can see the book's resolution comin' round the mountain on page 62.) These
 characters meet occasionally, but they all hammer out their motivations,
 allegiances and enmities in private: on long walks, doodling in the office,
 vegetating in bed, sitting at the kitchen table getting drunk alone. Missing is
 what the French call intersubjectivite .
