
   
   
      
         
            Culture: In France, It's in the Blood

            Last week, the French weekly L'Express had a cover story entitled
 "Cinema: How To Fight Back Against America." Meanwhile, three French
 ex-ministers (including ex-prime minister Laurent Fabius) went on trial for
 letting thousands get transfused with AIDS-infected blood in the mid-1980s.
 These aren't unrelated stories.

            One reason France has the highest number of transfusion-borne AIDS cases in
 Europe is negligence. Well after the 1983 discovery of the AIDS virus--by
 French scientists, incidentally--but before screening was possible, France
 continued to harvest much of its blood supply from prison populations.
 Transfusions are also given more routinely in France than elsewhere--to mothers
 post-delivery, for instance.

            But here's the big reason Fabius is on trial: For three months in the spring
 of 1985, his government failed to implement screening techniques readily
 available from Abbott Laboratories, an American company. At that time, Abbott's
 rivals at the French Pasteur Institute were browbeating every politico within
 lobbying range to wait for the development of a French procedure, which
 they promised was only weeks away. Long weeks, if you were a hemophiliac.

            So why did the Fabius government agree to hold off? Part of the blame lies
 with French cultural politics--particularly the cultural nationalism of the
 first Mitterrand administration. In 1981, Culture Minister Jack Lang got
 Mitterrand to double his ministry's budget. Two things really bugged Lang. The
 first, famously, was America. His early days in office were marked by
 embarrassingly thorough diktats aimed at purging French of Anglicisms
 and frothy tirades against the Deauville festival of American film.

            The second bee in Lang's bonnet was the negligible position of culture in
 day-to-day life. Lang was ultimately a materialist who felt that culture wasn't
 "real" unless it was shaping politics and the economy.
