
   
   
      
         
            ... Said the Spider to the Fly

            The giggles were excruciating. Monica Lewinsky took such obvious delight in
 regaling us with details of her encounters with her sexual soulmate--her wide
 eyes crinkling happily, her full mouth struggling vainly against a triumphant
 grin at the impressive number of times he called--you felt you'd wandered into
 Lord of the Flies, the female version . What adultless colony did
 this girl come from? Could she possibly believe her teen fantasies of secret
 love? Is sucking the presidential penis really to be her greatest
 accomplishment in life?

            The probable answer is yes. You could see this realization dawning on
 Barbara Walters' grave face. At least you hoped that's what you were seeing.
 You hoped Walters was feeling some pity for the life thereby wasted, was
 suppressing a grandmotherly impulse to shut this child up. For what was much
 more gruesome than the spectacle of the giddy Lewinsky was that of the cynical
 Walters. Having sat the girl down in her den; having posed with a social
 worker's concern questions still unthinkable in their prurience--"Did you ever
 try to have intercourse?"; having exploited an insecure person's lack of
 internal censors to help a network score a ratings coup, Walters turned
 blithely into Linda Tripp. It was the primal scene of maternal betrayal, the
 older woman eliciting the confession all too easily from the younger one and
 then using it to make her the laughingstock of the nation: Walters asks
 Lewinsky to imagine hypothetical children; Lewinsky tells them that "Mommy made
 a big mistake"; Walters concludes with a stunning outburst of moral hypocrisy,
 "And that is the understatement of the year."

            Let's correct the record here. Lewinsky's was not the biggest mistake made
 over the course of this debacle. She is guilty of a lot of small ones. But it
 is not a crime to have an affair with a married man and then be indiscreet
 about it.
