
   
   
      
         
            A Tale of Two Princesses

            The fact that royal biographer Andrew Morton wrote the stories of both the
 late Princess Diana and Monica Lewinsky has made the comparison irresistible,
 and it turns out to be apt: They were both childish women whose
 self-involvement nearly brought down their respective governments. Disregard
 the quasi-coincidental similarities--the paparazzi , the eating
 disorders, the overprivileged backgrounds, the parents' divorces, the
 educational failures (Diana was a finishing-school dropout; Monica made it
 through college with difficulty). A deeper affinity seems to have drawn Morton
 to them, ghostwriting fees aside: Here were two massively unself-aware
 individuals who had maneuvered themselves into positions of national
 awkwardness, women who were all but impossible to defend. Morton has met the
 challenge with gallant efficiency. From what I've read of his oeuvre
 --two books on Diana, this latest one on Monica--he is our poet of female
 self-pity, a man for whom no excuse is suspect, no outrage inexplicable, as
 long as the explanation is given by a woman who can claim to have been hurt by
 a man, and as long as the man is a prince or a president.

            Consider Diana, the baby sitter to the Sloane Ranger crowd who apparently
 threw daily temper tantrums from the moment she entered the royal palace, who
 developed a pathological jealousy of her husband's ex-girlfriend that may have
 driven him back into her arms. Or Monica, the inexperienced flirt who blithely
 tried to blackmail the president of the United States, who in fact was
 something of a stalker, even if the supposedly hateful Sidney Blumenthal was
 the one to call her that. Morton's ambition is to make these women's
 monstrousness pale beside that of their torturers. In Diana's case, that's
 easy, because her husband happened to be an equally self-involved prince who
 clearly married her because he thought she would be a docile breeder.

            Monica's case is more difficult: Whose pathetic victim is she, exactly?
