
   
   
      
         
            Headline
            

            Hi Katha,

                   Yes, my morning ablutions are complete, and I know it's noon. I've
 just caffeinated, taken three viracepts, one combivir, four rescriptors, one
 zantac, one immodium, one zoloft, and one propecia. Who needs oatmeal? But the
 good news is: I'm alive and my hair is growing back.
       In fact, I was so zippy I missed Charlie Moskos' letter. Whenever I've
 dealt with him he has seemed an extremely reasonable fellow (he wrote a good
 piece for me at TNR on race in the ranks) but, like many military types,
 he just seems to lose it when it comes to the obvious fact that homosexuals
 have been happily murdering and killing in uniform for generations. At least he
 didn't push the off-the-record spin that these nellies just can't hack it,
 which is what Pentagon flunkies were whispering to gullible journalists. He
 also misses a very basic point: The 563 violations were by commanders, not
 soldiers. It's rather like holding turkeys responsible for Thanksgiving. As to
 the notion that gay soldiers disproportionately leave early, this only applies
 to new discharges. How does Moskos explain the enormous increase? Could it
 possibly be that bigoted commanders, who hate the idea that they might have to
 tolerate discreet homosexuals in the ranks, now try to flush them out early and
 fast by massive amounts of intimidation? In Italy, a Marine first sergeant is
 reported by the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network to greet new unit members
 with the declaration "There are three things I hate: liars, thieves, and
 faggots." Nice to meet you, too.
       A final thought. It's interesting that Moskos is aware, as someone in
 his position would never have been a generation ago, that young people do "come
 out" at an earlier and earlier age. Society has changed enormously. So all the
 policy is doing, it seems, if he is correct, is successfully flushing out a
 whole swath of young men and women who have the self-respect not to be ashamed
 of being gay.
