
   
   
      
         
            The Sorry State of International Disaster Relief

            The Turkish earthquake of August 17 and its disastrously bungled relief
 effort--the official death toll now stands at 17,997 --is a
 depressingly familiar story. Why is the world unable to create an international
 force to provide manpower and equipment to assist in the aftermath of huge
 natural and manmade disasters (which seem to occur pretty reliably at least
 five or six times a year)? This extremely sensible idea was floated by the
 New Republic , which attached to the hypothetical force the memorable
 name "Griefbusters," in a series of editorials from the mid-1980s to the early
 1990s. But for some mysterious reason, nobody seemed terribly interested.

            According to an editorial in today's Christian Science Monitor , the United Nations is doing a
 better job of coordinating the grab-bag of relief efforts, public and private,
 from all over the world, than it used to, thanks to its new Office for the
 Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), which apparently took over
 many duties of the Office of the United Nations Disaster Relief Coordinator
 (UNDRO). UNDRO's record wasn't especially good. According to the
 Monitor , "the U.N. has learned from past attempts that its best role in
 disaster scenes is to pool the efforts of national governments, not to do the
 work itself." OCHA, says the Monitor , has a "realistic mandate." But
 Chatterbox isn't aware that the creation of a Griefbusters-type force has ever
 been tried. Clearly, whatever small improvements the United Nations has made in
 international coordination didn't prevent the Turkish government from telling
 many foreign rescue workers to leave; even before 4-year-old Ismail Cimen was
 pulled out, alive, from under a collapsed balcony yesterday, German, Japanese,
 British, and Austrian rescuers had gone home. Meanwhile (according to
 yesterday's Toronto Globe and Mail ), a Canadian team of 200 soldiers was
 being told by some Turkish officials that the field hospital and
 water-purification systems it had brought were needed, and by other Turkish
 officials that they were not.
