
   
   
      
         
            re: Twelve steps in the web
            

            Hello Andrew,
 The story about the Web confession was very disturbing, involving a
 particularly mad and grisly crime. Larry Froide, A father with custody of his
 small daughter, still felt pressed by his ex-wife's presence in his life. So he
 set the house on fire intentionally to kill the child (in fact, he went in as
 if to rescue her, but instead dropped her closer to the flames!). After Froide
 confessed on-line, three members of the list notified the authorities and were
 promptly flamed by others. Interestingly, one who did not tell the police was
 the moderator of the list, Dr. Rotgers (of, yes, Rutgers, where he is director
 of the program for Addiction, Consultation and Treatment). Dr. Rotgers said
 after all, "since the child was already 'dead,'"--I love those scare quotes --
 "no purpose would be served in the form of protecting anyone for rash,
 emotional and poorly thought-out action." (I think he meant from such
 action.) Rotgers sent Froide private e-mails with referrals for therapy.

            I think you're right about the effect of anonymity on the Web. It's part of
 the general lack of reality about the Internet: is the child dead? or only
 'dead'? I'm not so sure about A.A. though. This particular list wasn't
 following a 12 step philosophy--it was something called Moderation Management;
 and one of the people who called the FBI was an AA advocate.

            A long time ago I used to go to Al-Anon, which is a support group for
 relatives of alcoholics, and I must say I thought it was a good group: people
 were very kind, with much life experience and wisdom. And it wasn't so
 anonymous either--my "buddy" gave me his business card (he ran a lamp store in
 my neighborhood). Unlike on the Net, people in 12 step groups often get to know
 each other outside--they go out for coffee, become friends (for a while AA was
 a big date scene, maybe it still is). There's an egalitarianism about the
 original 12 step programs I really like, a humble, improvising approach.
