
   
   
      
         
            Trying To Read the Fed's Mixed Messages
            

            In William Greider's long book on the Federal Reserve, Secrets of the
 Temple (a fascinating book but, in retrospect, a remarkably ill-considered
 indictment of inflation-fighting), there's not much mention of the conversion
 of the Federal Reserve into a bully pulpit. But as today's quarter-point hike
 in the discount rate--in addition to the expected quarter-point hike in the
 federal funds rate--demonstrates, the Fed has, at some point in the last five
 years or so, come to see inflation-fighting as not merely a matter of raising
 or lowering rates. It's also a matter of sending the right messages to the bond
 (and, to a lesser extent, the stock) markets.

            I've 
 touched on this point once before, when the Fed announced at its last
 meeting that it was keeping interest rates steady but changing its bias. Where
 once the Fed kept its deliberations secret and acted as sphinxlike as possible
 about its intentions, it now tries to indicate what it's concerned about and
 the direction in which it's leaning. In one sense, this has made the exercise
 of trying to game the Fed easier, since there's more material to go on. In
 another sense, it's made everything trickier, since there are a host of signals
 to interpret, and sometimes they're not in harmony.

            Today, for instance, the Fed didn't make what would have been the surprising
 move, namely hiking interest rates by 50 basis points instead of 25. (One basis
 point is equal to one-hundredth of a point.) Had it pushed through the larger
 hike, the sell-off in the stock market would probably have been frightening, at
 least at first. But the increase would certainly have slammed the brakes on an
 economy that's still running very hot.

            You might assume that the quarter-point hike means the Fed isn't that
 worried about inflation, even though there are signs that continued strong
 demand and tight labor markets are beginning to make themselves felt.
