
  
  
    
      Name organization (if applicable) Address City, State Zip
      Dear Salutation:
      Who helps United way help ten-year-old Cindy learn responsibility and
      self-esteem at an overnight camp?
      Or who helps Randy break a cycle of violence and become a better
      dad?
      Or who helps David learn important job skills that will enable him to
      become self-sufficient?
      Or who helps Michael, who has spina bifida, learn to talk, dress
      himself, and get around independently?
      Without you. no one.
      And we need your help this year to make sure these services are there
      for you, your family, friends and neighbors in Boone, Hamilton, Hancock,
      Hendricks, Marion and Morgan counties.
      I am writing you in the hope of getting your support for this year's
      United Way campaign. The funds raised by the campaign support a family of
      83 health and human service agencies that provide services like family
      counseling, care for abused children, scouting and youth programs, job
      training, disaster relief and much, much more.
      Your generous support is very important. Here are just some of the
      ways your gift can touch lives right here in central Indiana:
      A gift of $25 could mean five friendly visits to a homebound elderly
      person. A gift of $50 could mean one day of shelter for a victim of
      domestic violence and her children. A gift of $100 could mean two days of
      overnight camping for an underprivileged child. A gift of $200 could mean
      six days of shelter and meals for a homeless person.
      United Way touches the lives of more than 3,100 central Indiana people
      every day, 365 days a year, because people like you are generous. Here
      are some quotes from people whose lives were touched by United Way
      agencies last year:
      "After losing my job due to downsizing, I lost my home, my car and
      nearly everything I owned. You arranged for my daughter to see a doctor
      and to have her medications renewed.
