
   
   
      
         
            Fast Track

            Congress is now debating
 whether to give President Clinton "fast track" authority to negotiate trade
 agreements with foreign countries. Most of the opposition comes from the
 president's own party, though some Republicans are also opposed (and others
 from both parties accuse Clinton of not pushing hard enough for it). What is
 fast track and why is it so contentious?

            After the
 president signs a trade agreement with a foreign government--reducing or
 eliminating barriers to free trade such as tariffs, import quotas, and
 subsidies for domestic products--the agreement must be approved by a majority
 of both houses of Congress. Fast track is a congressional procedure limiting
 debate over these agreements. When the president invokes fast track,
 Congress must vote yes or no within 60 days, and no amendments are allowed.

            Fast track is intended to thwart filibusters and to prevent
 members of Congress from adding special protections for businesses in their
 districts. The rationale for fast track is that trade agreements are
 different from ordinary legislation : They are negotiated with other
 countries. If Congress makes changes, the whole agreement must be renegotiated.
 Furthermore, negotiations involve swapping concessions with the other side.
 Other countries will not make the necessary concessions in the first place if
 U.S. concessions can be undone.

            No other
 country gives its chief executive a power similar to fast track. But few other
 countries have a legislative branch so independent of the executive branch.
 Fast track exists only for trade --not for arms-control treaties or other
 multilateral agreements. These other agreements, like the recent Chemical
 Weapons Convention, are often subjected to prolonged debate and can be altered
 drastically by Congress. Formal treaties can only be approved by a two-thirds
 vote of the Senate.

            
 Before fast track's inception in 1974, the
 president had even broader authority .
