
   
   
      
         
            Indian Gambling

            Gambling as an enterprise
 among American Indian tribes has exploded in recent years. The first operation
 started in 1979. Today, 280 operations are conducted by 186 gambling tribes
 across 28 states; the 1996 take is estimated at $6 billion. Indian tribes are
 now locked in competition: Three Wisconsin tribes have filed a suit claiming
 they were denied a casino license in 1995 because wealthier tribes beat them to
 Democratic campaign coffers. It appears likely that an independent counsel will
 be appointed to investigate Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt's handling of the
 affair. What is the legal basis for gambling on Indian reservations? What
 accounts for the explosion in the number and size of such operations? Who
 controls the gambling spigot: the tribes, the states within whose boundaries
 the reservations lie, or the federal government?

            
               The
 concept of tribal sovereignty. The " cases" of the 1830s framed
 tribe-state-union relations thus: The tribes were neither foreign nor subject
 nations; they were "domestic dependent nations," "wards" to the union's
 "guardian." Since the reservations were federal protectorates, state law had no
 force on their territory.

            

               Exceptions to the rule. Tribal immunity
 from state law is not absolute. Tribes have, on occasion, opted for a blurring
 of boundaries (asking that state cops patrol reservation land, for example).
 And several court decisions since Cherokee have authorized exceptions to
 the state-exclusion principle. A state may, for example, make enforceable laws
 governing tribes if Congress delegates authority to that state.

            Congress
 has used its delegation power to transfer its authority to states on several
 occasions. For example, Public Law 280 (1953) gave several states on
 reservations. Even without the specific delegation of authority, state law may
 still be considered valid if it doesn't flout federal goals.
