
   
   
      
         
            

            

               
                  Time and Newsweek , Oct. 12
            

            
               (posted
 Tuesday, Oct. 6, 1998)
            

            
               Newsweek 's cover story predicts a recession. The failure of so many foreign
 economies will soon hurt America, crushing both the stock market and consumer
 confidence. Higher unemployment may follow. Remedies: The Federal Reserve Board
 must drastically cut interest rates, the International Monetary Fund must
 continue to aid foreign countries, and Japan must reform its banking system.
 ... 
               Time 's cover package: a week in the life of a hospital. Following
 doctors, nurses, and administrators around the Duke Medical Center, Time
 offers vignettes of modern hospital life. General theme: It's hard to balance
 belt tightening and effective health care.

            

               Newsweek says tabloids such as the National Enquirer and Globe
 are losing readers. Why? "Mainstream" media have taken over their turf by
 covering Princess Di's death, Flytrap, and other tablike stories. Tabloids are
 now more prudish than network television, refusing to discuss the specifics of
 the Flytrap sex acts. (To read 
                  Slate
               's tabloid roundup, click
 here.)

            
               
                  U.S.
 News & World Report , Oct. 12
            

            
               (posted
 Tuesday, Oct. 6, 1998)
            

            The
 cover story says humans have been in the New World for much
 longer than previously assumed. "Clovis-first" theories (named for an
 archaeological site in New Mexico), which hold that humans appeared here about
 12,000 years ago, have been supplanted by evidence of seaside communities in
 Chile and the Pacific Northwest 30,000 or more years ago. ... A story exposes a wave of kidnappings in China. Small-town Chinese
 women who migrate to bigger cities for work are often shanghaied at the train
 station.
