
   
   
      
         
            Fed Up

            The New York Times ,
 the Los
 Angeles Times , and the Washington Post lead with the Federal Reserve's
 second interest-rate hike of the summer. USA
 Today mentions the Fed's news on the front page, but leads instead with
 a possible link between the Kremlin and the Bank of New York laundering
 scandal.

            All the papers give the same lowdown on the Fed's decision. The federal
 funds rate (that is, the one banks charge each another for overnight borrowing)
 was lifted from 5 percent to 5.25 percent, reversing last year's cuts. The
 Fed's announcement was characteristically opaque. The stories follow the Fed's
 lead, hedging their bets as to whether this will be the last hike of the
 year.

            The WP and the Wall Street Journal run helpful explanations of the
 hike's repercussions. According to the WP , banks already announced
 increases in their prime lending rates to 8.25 percent from 8 percent. Since
 many credit-card balances, home-equity loans, small business bank loans, and
 some personal loans are tied directly to the prime rate, millions of consumers
 will see their monthy payments swell soon. A piece inside the Journal
 warns the higher cost of borrowing may keep funds away from Latin American
 countries that need the cash badly.

            Meanwhile, a WP editorial argues that Alan Greenspan has become so
 effective that he's ineffective. If Greenspan raises rates, investors are
 assured by what they interpret as a wise, pre-emptive strike against inflation.
 If he doesn't, they are emboldened by what can only be a sure sign of economic
 health. So even though the rate hike might stave off consumer inflation,
 Greenspan is inevitably contributing to stock price inflation.

            Last week the Times reported that hundreds of millions of dollars in IMF
 loans to Russia may have been illegally diverted through the Bank of New York
 via the Russian mafia. Today USAT adds that Konstantin Kagalovsky,
 Russia's representative to the IMF and a close crony of Victor Chernomyrdin, is
 now under scrutiny.
