
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Instant
 Slate
               
            

            As part of our continuing efforts to make it easier
 and more convenient to print out your favorite 
                  Slate
               
 features on (... what is that stuff called again? Oh, yes,) paper, we're
 pleased to announce, through a special arrangement with Hewlett-Packard, a
 nifty--and free--new bit of software from HP called Instant Delivery. It is a
 much simpler variation on HP's Web PrintSmart software described in "" a few
 weeks ago. What makes it simpler is that we do most of the work. ("We" meaning

                  Slate
               's self-sacrificing software development team,
 not the lazy, pig-ignorant journalists, let alone the business staff.)

            With Instant Delivery, you can have

                  Slate
               's "Today's Papers" waiting for you at your
 printer every morning. Your computer will automatically dial up (if necessary),
 connect to the Web, download Today's Papers (in a specially formatted edition
 for printing out), and send it to your printer. We plan to make other

                  Slate
                features available this way in the coming
 months.

            Actually, once you have installed HP Instant
 Delivery, you can use it to schedule automatic printouts of any page on the
 Web--including other pages of 
                  Slate
               . But they won't
 be formatted for printing out, you'll have to do the scheduling yourself, and
 the pages must have unchanging URLs (Web addresses). (HP's other software,
 Print Smart, solves the formatting and URL problems at the cost of formidable
 complexity. But do give that one a try, too, if you're feeling ambitious. My
 earlier explains how.

            Go to this special page
 of 
                  Slate
                for complete instructions on downloading,
 installing, using Instant Delivery, and a technical support phone number. The
 download button will take you to HP's site (in most cases in a separate browser
 window), and you'll have to get back to 
                  Slate
                for the
 button that schedules Today's Papers.
