
   
   
      
         
            No. 160: &quot;Put the Dis Back in Description&quot;

            

               "Smelly, Lethargic, Incoherent." Ads in many papers caution that
 someone like this is probably ... what?
            

             

            by noon
 ET Thursday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Wednesday's question (No. 159)--"Mourning
 After":
            

            

               
                  "After wrapping up his work on the Middle East's problems,
 President Clinton headed home to face his own." That's the caption to a grim
 front-page photo in today's New York Times . Participants are invited
 to submit a caption sure to appear on the front of any paper the day after the
 House votes on impeachment.
               
            

            
 "Sharing a snack with Rep. Bob Barr, President Clinton expresses
 satisfaction that his sudden switch in party affiliation resulted in a swift
 end to impeachment proceedings."-- Jennifer Miller
            

            
 "Washington Post : An emotional but poised first lady announces the death
 of the president. Although authorities have no suspects, they describe the
 president's injuries as 'small puncture wounds in the head and chest, roughly
 the diameter of a Size 9 Manolo Blahnik heel.' "-- Kate Powers
            

            "A
 pensive President Clinton bites his lower lip in the Oval Office after ordering
 the carpet bombing of Capitol Hill. 'For us to initiate military action during
 Christmas would have been highly offensive.' he said."-- David McShane
 ( Tim Carvell and Jennifer Miller had similar answers.)

            
 "Following the vote to impeach, Vice President Gore jumps up and down and pumps
 his fist in the air in a private display of grief."-- Andrew Solovay
            

            
 "Boston Globe : Following his impeachment, Bill Clinton meets with
 colorful, possibly apocryphal, salt-of-the-earth Boston characters."-- Tim
 Carvell
            

            Click
 for more responses.
