
   
   
      
         
            The President of the United States Stands Naked

            The impeachment of
 President Clinton dominated front pages around the world this weekend.
 Britain's Sunday
 Times called for Clinton's resignation, saying that the spectacle of a
 trial in the Senate would subvert "America's responsibilities as the world's
 only superpower." Meanwhile, the right-wing Spanish newspaper ABC applauded impeachment because it illustrated "the fact that even
 [the president] is subject to political machinery of rare democratic
 perfection."

            Where the Sunday
 Times suggested that Rep. Bob Livingston's resignation "shows Mr Clinton
 the way," an editorial in the Age of Melbourne, Australia, called it "a bizarre
 political gift" to the president. Livingston's act "instantly blurred the
 Republican argument that the President's impeachment is based on the issue of
 lies and the law rather than sex. ... Mr Livingston's resignation unleashes the
 spectre of a political system convulsed by regular revelations of sexual
 affairs and demands from the Republican's [sic] religious right for
 sexual purity."

            Australia's Sydney Morning Herald presented the weekend's events as "the logical conclusion to the
 late-20 th century drama which has been quietly corroding the old
 certainties of political power throughout the world's mature democracies. ...
 That is, when the personal really is political, not merely a feminist
 catchcry, and when new technologies and competition are driving the media to
 deliver unparalleled, all-news-all-the-time access to the lives of those in
 power, we should not be too surprised to see a US President on the brink of
 losing his job for having an affair."

            In Britain, the
 Independent on Sunday , which called Clinton "a shallow, fawning mountebank, and a man whose
 serial adultery might be overlooked more easily but for his serial mendacity,"
 was just as hard on his Republican foes. It said, "The party of Lincoln and
 Eisenhower seems to have been possessed by a zeal which is less 'republican' or
 'conservative' than Maoist.
