
   
   
      
         
             Today on G-SPAN

            

               06:30 a.m. 
               Federal Reserve
 Board Open Markets Committee Meeting Preview : Discussion of today's
 much-anticipated session. Will A.G. lower interest rates yet again? All
 humankind waits breathlessly.

            

               06:50 a.m. 
               (approx.) Continuous G-SPAN shower
 and breakfast coverage from outside the chairman's house.

            

               08:00 a.m. 
               Agenda : Press briefing on the chairman's
 meeting, phone call, coffee, and bathroom schedule for the day. Immediate
 futures market analysis from London and Frankfurt.

            

               09:00 a.m. 
               MugWatch : Recap of chairman's facial
 expressions during the previous week. Comparisons to previous pre-FROMC
 smile-to-grimace-to-frown ratios and their correlations to interest rate moves.
 Guest: Dr. Alan Tch, Johns Hopkins neuropsychology department.

            

               09:30 a.m. Rate day coverage begins with the full G-SPAN team
 reporting from the New York Stock Exchange floor: Sandy Walsh (mood), Dan
 Haskins (sentiment), Alicia Geller (feeling), Bill Lupin (flavor).

            

               11:00 a.m. 
               ChartWatch : G-SPAN's Anna Maria the
 Omniscient reports on the state of the chairman's moon in Saturn. Viewer
 call-in.

            

               
                  Note:
                
               All below programming subject to pre-emption
 for the rate announcement and total blitzkrieglike worldwide market
 fallout.
            

            

               12:15 p.m. G-SPAN Special Report: The Chairman's Lunch .
 Correspondent Bradley Yeldarb orders "what the Big Guy's having" from the Fed's
 catering service and reports on its likely emoto-digestive consequences.

            

               12:30 p.m. 
               The Chairman's Lunch--Wall Street Responds :
 Live 45 person fiber-optic minicam microwave-satellite team coverage from all
 over the place.

            

               01:00 p.
