
   
   
      
         
            No. 162: &quot;Check It Twice&quot;

            

               The list includes Louis Vuitton handbags, Mont Blanc
 pens, pecorino cheese, and cashmere sweaters, pullovers, sweat shirts, and
 waistcoats. List of what?
            

             

            by noon
 ET Wednesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Monday's question (No.
 161)--"Rapoportable":
            

            

               
                  
                     
                        Jacques Rapoport led the search for something
 "that was sweet rather than violent, that lingered for two weeks, and that
 suggested a feeling of cleanliness and well-being rather than of filthiness
 being covered up." What was Rapoport looking
 for?
                     
                  
               
            

            
 "An unshowered Diane Sawyer on a lazy Sunday
 morning."-- Danny Spiegel
            

            "An
 alternative to the Senate impeachment trial."-- Fred Graver ( Paul
 Tullis , Adam Bonin , Greg Barbero , and Greg Diamond had
 similar answers.)

            "An
 undiscovered type of drunken sex."-- Steve Lyle (similarly, but sober,
 Katha Pollitt ; but Pine Sol clean, Paul Tullis )

            
 "Whatever it was, if he was looking in France, he probably had to look for a
 long time."-- David Ballard
            

            "A
 scent to improve the smell of the Paris Metro. He's chosen Meg Ryan."-- Beth
 Sherman
            

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's Wrap-Up
            

            It's a tough position for New Yorkers
 (as many of you are) to be put in--invited to joke about scents and
 sensibilities. How can you gain the moral high ground, that lofty crag from
 which to hurl down scorn, when your native city--what's the
 word?--stinks.

            The best tactic for a situation tainted by your own
 imperfection is to define yourself as the happy medium, superior to those on
 both your left and right.
