
   
   
      
         
             The Rise of the Front Man

            It is universally agreed
 that the resignation of Rep. Bob Livingston as speaker-designate and his
 replacement by Rep. Denny Hastert is a Bad Thing. For starters, the
 annunciation of Hastert, a politician who doesn't cast a shadow, exposes the
 anorexia in the top ranks of the House Republican Caucus. The Republicans are
 so strapped for talent that they had to recruit a politician no one outside
 Capitol Hill had even heard of five minutes ago. (Incidentally, the House GOP's
 top four leaders are now ex-wrestling coach Hastert, ex-college professor Dick
 Armey, ex-exterminator Tom DeLay, and ex-football player J.C. Watts. Who says
 American politics is dominated by lawyers?)

            And, as pundits are
 fretting, Hastert's emergence also reinforces the crisis over "the politics of
 personal destruction" (to use the day's catch phrase). The sexual puritanism of
 the GOP's own right wing undid Livingston, and Hastert cakewalked into the
 speakership only because he is--fingers crossed--above reproach. It's uncertain
 whether sexual litmus testing will endure, but for the moment Washington is
 anxious. Many pols and ex-pols are predicting that smart, charismatic folks
 such as Livingston will now shun public office.

            There is another, less talked about, reason why the
 ascension of Hastert is alarming. Call it the Front Man Syndrome. Most people
 would agree that in a well-run democracy, political power ought to be
 transparent. By this I mean that those who hold nominally powerful jobs
 ought to exercise correspondingly real power. Title and authority should
 be directly related. The president should be the most powerful person in the
 executive branch, the chief justice of the Supreme Court the most powerful in
 the judicial branch, the speaker of the House the most powerful in the House,
 etc. This transparency serves democracy, because it enables voters to hold the
 responsible officials accountable for their actions.
