
  
  
    
      September 20, 1994 John E Prospect 1 Main St. Indianapolis, IN
      46200
      Dear Mr. Prospect:
      You can help more than 200,000 people with just one gift.
      And your gift is needed now more than ever.
      Your one gift to United Way of Central Indiana supports 82 human
      service agencies that help people right here in central Indiana. Only if
      you contribute this year can these agencies continue to provide programs
      and services that:
      Strengthen Families -- Help victims of child abuse & neglect,
      answer crisis hotlines, prevent family violence & counsel the
      mentally ill;
      Invest In Our Children -- Provide child care, scouting & youth
      programs, foster care & adoption as well as mentoring &
      counseling for teen parents;
      Serve The Elderly And Disabled -- Provide meals & visits to the
      homebound, as well as speech, hearing & physical therapy for people
      with disabilities;
      Help People Become Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless
      families, disaster relief, employment & training, neighborhood
      support centers & specialized transportation;
      Promote Health And Well-Being -- Administer immunization programs
      provide drug & alcohol treatment, screening for cancer, heart disease
      & other conditions and provide health education & home nursing
      care.
      Odds are that you, a family member, friend, or neighbor may already be
      benefiting from the services of one of United Way's family of agencies
      listed at the left.(see hard copy). EACH YEAR, UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL
      INDIANA AGENCIES HELP MORE THAN 200,000 PEOPLE in Boone, Hamilton,
      Hancock, Hendricks, Marion, and Morgan counties.
      Your gift matters to all kinds of people.
      People like Michael, who lived as a homeless person on the banks of
      the White River until he was helped by Horizon House. Gifts to United Way
      helped provide shelter, medical care, counseling and job placement to end
      his homelessness.
