
   
   
      
         
            What the Net Hath Wrought
            

            Dear Joe,

            Well, I guess we probably will not ever agree. But I only need to use your
 examples as proof that what the Internet has wrought in an unbelievably short
 time has been profound--the entire computer industry (as evidenced by Michael
 Dell's success) has been turned on its ear, the retail industry is reeling (did
 you see the many news stories today about Nordstrom's striking a deal with a
 well-known Silicon Valley venture firm to jumpstart its Web efforts?), and
 traditional media companies are in full-scale alert.

            Consider the daily impact of AOL, which has risen from obscurity to disdain
 to prominence in only five years. I think you don't even have to take a poll of
 America's top execs to get them to agree that they think this company is an
 important one these days. Consider its rivals as the best indicator--right now,
 both Microsoft and AT&T have painted a big red target on AOL and are taking
 aim on multiple fronts.

            And why is this? Because, finally, after all those years of promises, the
 interactive age is upon us. I used to joke that the idea of interactive
 television has been around since I had been a fetus, but that it never seemed
 to work. Now, pretty much every major communications company is formulating
 plans to shove a fully loaded digital set-top box into America's living rooms
 to move interactive services from the computer to the television--or any device
 in the house, really. Did you hear about the Internet refrigerator that links
 to grocery sites? Of course, I am probably the only one who thinks this is a
 good idea. It's clear to me that either via a plethora of wires or satellite or
 wireless means, we are all going to be plugged in more than ever before in the
 coming years. I myself am a cell phone freak, who cannot imagine being without
 my little Nokia 6160. Relying on cell phones completely, I had even abandoned
 land-line phones from the local telephone provider until I was recently forced
 to link up again to get high-speed Internet access over telephones.
