
   
   
      
         
            More Than Monica

            On New Year's Eve, the
 Guardian of
 London published a survey of last year's media agendas from countries around
 the world. Headlined "1998: More than just Monica," it highlighted the news
 priorities that prevailed in different countries during the period. In China,
 for example, the big story had been the Chinese government's self-proclaimed
 diplomatic triumphs, such as President Clinton's visit to Beijing and Chinese
 President Jiang Zemin's visits to Moscow and Tokyo; in Russia it had been the
 collapse of the post-Soviet financial system and the humiliation of market
 reformers; in Israel the disintegration of Benjamin Netanyahu's government amid
 bitter divisions over the Middle East peace process; in South Africa the report
 of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on apartheid-era crimes; in Germany
 the September election that ousted Chancellor Helmut Kohl and brought the
 Social Democrat Gerhard Schröder to power; in Italy the country's success in
 qualifying to join the new euro currency; and in France its soccer team's 3-0
 victory over Brazil in the final of the World Cup.

            But if 1998 involved
 "more than just Monica," it was also certainly Monica's year. Hers was a story,
 which, more than any other, united all the papers of the world in a common
 obsession. However, there was widespread reluctance around the world this week
 to report the allegations in the American tabloids that President Clinton may
 be the father of the teen-age son of an Arkansas prostitute. Only in Britain
 did the story play prominently. The Times even led its Monday front page with it, under
 the headline "Clinton faces DNA test on prostitute's son, 13." In Germany, the
 press showed more responsible news priorities, with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung
 leading Monday with Clinton announcing the biggest increase in defense spending
 since the end of the Cold War.

            But the biggest story around the world as the week began
 was the launch by 11 countries of the new single European currency, the euro.
