
   
   
      
         
            No. 169: &quot;Eats/Wets&quot;

            
               You chew household
 objects and drool copiously, and perhaps you defecate or urinate on the
 floor.
            

            

               Who are you, and what should you do next?
            

             

            by noon
 ET Wednesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Tuesday's question (No. 168)--"East/East":
            

            

               
                  "We've been made the butt of a joke in New York--on television,
 in the newspapers. We take it not as funny but as something very serious." Who
 said this about what?
               
            

            
 "Rudolph Giuliani, on his administration. Which is why he's outlawed television
 and radio, starting today. Also, he's dissolved the Reichstag. And Newark,
 N.J., is looking like an awfully convenient 'corridor to the sea.' "-- Tim
 Carvell ( Arlene Hellerman and Bill Cavanaugh had similar
 answers.)

            "The
 ghost of Andrew Johnson speaks out, in the first person plural, against his
 recent bad press. 'Although we may have fired a Cabinet minister without
 congressional approval, we never had sexual relations with that woman, Ms.
 Lewinsky.' "-- Andrew Staples
            

            
 "Blue-collar residents of the outer boroughs, about TV shows such as The
 King of Queens and comic strips such as Dumb Bastards From
 Brooklyn ."-- Alex Balk
            

            "Sante
 Kimes, about her odd child-rearing techniques."-- Larry Amaros
            

            "A
 Dunkin' Donuts spokesman, on the termination of the Rugrats product
 tie-in negotiations."-- Matthew Cole
            

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            Once, when you were made
 the butt of a joke, a recurring punch line on Johnny, it really was serious:
 You were finished as a public figure. (See Dan Quayle.) More recently, when you
 become a running gag on Dave or Jay, you're merely humanized.
