
   
   
      
         
             Harkin's Objection

            Friday afternoon, as Rep.
 Bob Barr, R-Ga., was urging the Senate to convict President Clinton of perjury
 and obstruction of justice, Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, rose and objected to the
 "use of the word 'jurors' when referring to the Senate." Reporters scrambled
 for their notebooks and senators stirred from their slumber at this deviation
 from the trial's script. Sen. Judd Gregg, R-N.H., called Harkin's complaint a
 pointless distraction, and Barr dismissed it as a semantic quibble. But
 Harkin's objection was neither unscripted nor purely semantic. It was an
 important strategic maneuver.

            "Regular jurors cannot
 overrule the judge," Harkin told Chief Justice William Rehnquist. "Not so here.
 Regular jurors do not decide what evidence should be heard, the standards of
 evidence, nor do they decide what witnesses shall be called. Not so here.
 Regular jurors do not decide when a trial is to be ended. Not so here. ... I
 think the framers of the Constitution meant us, the Senate, to be something
 other than a jury." Two days later, on ABC's This Week , Harkin added, "A
 jury decides one thing--facts--and sometimes the law. We have a much broader
 responsibility. ... We can't hide behind the curtain of saying, 'Oh, I'm just a
 juror, I can't take that into account.' We have to take everything into
 account."

            Harkin proudly explained that he wasn't surprised when
 Rehnquist ruled in his favor, because he had read Rehnquist's book on
 impeachment and knew that Rehnquist believed senators in an impeachment trial
 were "more than just jurors." He asserted that Rehnquist's ruling "undermines
 their case for bringing any witnesses, because obviously we are not jurors."
 Above all, said Harkin, Rehnquist was affirming that the Senate "can take into
 account not just the facts and the law, but the public good ... [T]he chief
 justice really means that we can be expansive, that we can decide on a much
 broader set of findings than just the findings of fact or law.
