
   
   
      
         
            Huang Jury

            Today's news attention is primarily divided between NATO's decision at its
 meetings to expand and the opening of congressional hearings into 1996 campaign
 fundraising irregularities. The Washington Post and the New York Times
 lead with NATO's decision to grant membership to former Warsaw Pact members
 Poland, Czechoslovakia and Hungary. USA Today and
 the Los
 Angeles Times lead with the hearings.

            The general account of the NATO decision is clear: France doesn't like being
 dictated to by the U.S. on the particular choice of the added countries, and
 Russia doesn't like the idea of expansion, period. There is, however, one
 little bump in the reporting road regarding other NATO business. The WP
 sums up discussions among alliance members concerning what to do about the
 failure to bring accused Bosnian Serb war criminal Radovan Karadzic to justice
 this way: "They refused to propose any changes in the mandate of the NATO-led
 peacekeeping force to hunt down Karadzic and others who are wanted to stand
 trial at the Hague war crimes tribunal." Does that mean, the reader naturally
 wonders, that the NATO peacekeepers are allowed to hunt war criminals in Bosnia
 or not? Fortunately, the NYT makes it clear: they are not.

            The papers generally agree that committee chairman Republican Sen. Fred
 Thompson struck a dramatic note when he opened the proceedings by saying that
 intelligence agencies have concluded China tried to influence the 1996
 presidential campaign, as well as congressional and state elections, and that
 Democratic Sen. John Glenn was just as dramatic when he announced that the key
 figure in the probe, Democratic fundraiser John Huang, was willing to testify
 if he is given limited immunity from prosecution. NYT columnist Maureen
 Dowd takes the minority position that the Democrats carried the day, thanks to
 Glenn's smooth presentation and to the Republicans' jagged one, which, Dowd
 writes, consisted "mostly of arrows pointing to John Huang's name," and "a
 Byzantine theory linking Mr.
