
  
  
    
      September 18, 1997
      Dear Marion Co. '93-95 Donor:
      I'm writing to tell you about an investment opportunity. One that will
      allow you to change pain into relief, anger into love, despair into
      opportunity -- and assure you that you'll be making central Indiana a
      better place to live, work and prosper.
      It's not just any investment. It's an investment in our community
      through United Way of Central Indiana. An investment with many returns of
      relief, love and opportunity. And this year, your investment is more
      important than ever.
      Only one charity can touch the lives of individuals in need AND
      demonstrate an impact on our community's urgent needs. That's United Way.
      United Way's impact begins with research that helps answer important
      questions:
      What are the most important human needs here in central Indiana? What
      programs can be funded to effectively reduce those needs?
      United Way is the only organization that asks, and answers these
      questions. And by doing this, United Way makes your investment count.
      Human needs are on the rise in central Indiana and we have to meet the
      challenge. This year we've set an ambitious goal -- $31.75 million --
      which is over $1 million more than our 1996 total.
      Why is your investment so important? Last year, your investment
      helped:
      Strengthen families. 91% (96) of the 106 participants in parenting
      classes at Family Service Association because of child abuse, reported
      increased use of positive discipline and decreased use of abusive
      discipline.
      Teach children. 96% (173) of the 177 at-risk children enrolled in St.
      Mary's early childhood program demonstrated an increase in their social,
      emotional, physical, cognitive, speech and language development.
      Make people self-sufficient. 87% (325) of the 344 homeless families
      (1,353 persons) assisted and sheltered at Catholic Social Services' Holy
      Family Shelter found independent housing.
