
   
   
      
         
            No. 176: &quot;Wrecking Ball&quot;

            

               "It did the Vice President and me a lot of good to pick up those
 hammers and crow bars and tear something down," President Clinton said Monday.
 Tear what down?
            

             

            by noon
 ET Wednesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Monday's question (No. 175)--"Dis Incentive":
            

            

               "This is a horrible thing that's going on," says Franklin Spinney. "All
 it's going to do is reward the pathological behavior that created the problem."
 What's going on?
            

            "The
 Academy Awards."-- David Finkle ( Jennifer Miller and Daniel
 Krause had similar answers.)

            "The
 Super Bowl."-- Lois Ambash (similarly, R.C. Leander )

            "But
 Furby LOVE play! Teach Furby play again, then singing!"-- Kate Wing
            

            "Mr.
 Spinney is arguing that the Make-A-Wish Foundation actually encourages children
 to get sick."-- Tim Carvell
            

            "I'm
 giving the dogs free run of the pantry. Is that wrong?"-- Doug
 Ingram
            

             

             

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            To many of you, the
 horrible thing that's going on is going on in Congress. Of course, if we had a
 parliamentary system, the president would simply call for a vote of confidence
 and--one way or another--we'd swiftly move on. If we had the metric system, we
 could easily calculate how far we'd moved on. If we had a decent system of
 public education, filled with healthy children enjoying universal access to
 medical care, easily reached by high-speed maglev trains driven by
 bioengineered dogs fed on the limitless bounty we farm on the ocean floor, then
 we'd all learn that metric system and reward ourselves by zipping off on our
 unicopters to the space port for our two week vacation on the moon. I'm sure
 these are just some of the visionary ideas the president will be propose in
 tonight's State of the Union address.
