
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Who's the
 Greatest?
            

            Your article "" is right
 on, Jacob Weisberg, to question the descriptive "greatest" in referring to the
 World War II generation. (I have no problem at all with it being used to
 describe Muhammad Ali.) I was born in 1937 and have been a student of my
 parents' and my generation since then. I thought Tom Brokaw's term was cute
 until I saw on television the gist of his conclusion--then I thought it was
 stupid and packaged for television. (Did he hear about Peter Jennings writing a
 book then rush to get one out first?) The World War II people won a war (two
 wars, one on each side of the world) then felt they had earned riches, comfort,
 a homogenous society, everlasting youthful looks, the right to never die, the
 right to never being questioned with the corresponding right to never being
 wrong, etc. You did a good job of starting the dialogue. There's a ton of good,
 commercial stories to be had in mining that way of thinking.

            
 -- Shannon Smith Yakima, Wash.

            
               Fathers of
 Vietnam
            

            Re Jacob Weisberg's piece
 "GI Envy": Perhaps we should also remember that those "heroic GIs" are the ones
 who ensnared their country in Vietnam and sent the "boomers" into that superbly
 planned and managed conflict without the support of their country.

            
 -- David Zellman Modesto, Calif.

            
               Bravo, "Book
 Club"!
            

            As a recent subscriber
 to 
                  Slate
               , I cannot tell you how much I have enjoyed the exchange
 between Dana Gioia and James Wood as they reviewed contemporary poetry. How
 refreshing to have candor in a review instead of the usual (and predictable)
 empty praise that passes for criticism. This is a concept--and these are two
 critics--that you need to repeat often in the future in order for me to change
 from a trial to a regular subscription.
