
   
   
      
         
            

            NASA
 landed a robot on Mars and began exploring the surface. Scientists are
 steering the 2-foot long, 23-pound robot by remote control (from 119 million
 miles away) and downloading the video and geological data it collects. The
 mission's purpose is to study rocks, but observers are more fascinated by the
 unmistakable evidence of ancient flood water--which might now be frozen at the
 poles or beneath the planet's surface--and by vivid photos. The mission's
 official Web site has reportedly surpassed 100 million hits, making it one of
 the most popular sites in the history of the Internet. (7/7)
            

            
 Upheavals abroad: Mexico's ruling party lost control of the national
 assembly for the first time in nearly 70 years. Opponents celebrated it as the
 advent of true democracy. The story was almost overshadowed by the news that
 Mexico's biggest drug lord died as a result of plastic surgery that was
 supposed to hide him from the cops. Cambodia 's second prime minister
 staged a successful coup against the country's first prime minister, wrecking
 Cambodia's experiment in democracy and its almost-completed peace pact with the
 Khmer Rouge. The victors celebrated by looting. Rioters in Northern
 Ireland destroyed shops, threw grenades at police, and hijacked and burned
 more than 230 cars as Protestants marched through Catholic neighborhoods.
 (7/7)
            

            The
 British finally relinquished Hong Kong to China. Thousands of U.S.
 journalists found excuses to spend the week there, playing up the possibilities
 of political confrontation and violence (China oafishly sent thousands of
 troops to show everyone who's the boss) before conceding that nothing was going
 to happen. Poorest excuse for a reporter's travel expenses: "Hong Kong Ponders
 Meaning of Record Rainfall" ( Los Angeles Times ). Pundits agreed that
 capitalism will continue to flourish there even if democracy doesn't: The
 New York Times ' Tom Friedman noted that replicas of the "Goddess of
 Democracy" (erected in 1989 by protesters in Tiananmen Square), which were
 being peddled by Hong Kong demonstrators, were "Made in China.
