
   
   
      
         
            

            

               Princess Diana was eulogized and buried. Fifty million Americans got up
 in the wee hours of the morning to watch the funeral on television. The big
 story was her brother's slap at the royal family: Diana was "someone with a
 natural nobility who was classless and who ... needed no royal title to
 continue to generate her particular brand of magic." For days, the royals were
 scorned as stuffy brutes for failing to display grief in public. When they
 relented and displayed their grief, they were likened to President Clinton (for
 feeling others' pain) and scorned for pandering to public opinion. Several
 American pundits belatedly conceded that they had covered the story obsessively
 based on their false intimacy with Diana and their whitewashed view of her
 character. They resumed covering the story obsessively based on the public's
 false intimacy with Diana and its whitewashed view of her character.
 (9/8)
            

            

               Mother Teresa also died. Reviews of her career were highly favorable.
 Pundits paused to pay their respects before returning to the topic of Princess
 Diana. The proximity of the two women's deaths inspired a flurry of silly
 comparisons, which in turn inspired a backlash of equally silly commentaries
 pointing out their differences. Former Zairian dictator Mobutu Sese Seko
 died, too. Since Mobutu ended up being only the third-most important person to
 die during the week, coverage of his demise was largely buried.
 (9/8)
            

            Vice
 President Gore is on the hot seat in the campaign-finance investigation .
 The Washington Post reported that some of the money Gore raised in phone
 calls from the White House went to the Clinton-Gore campaign ("hard" money)
 instead of the Democratic National Committee ("soft" money). This removes
 Attorney General Reno's rationale for not appointing an independent counsel.
 The betting now is that a counsel will be named, and will hound Gore for years.
