
   
   
      
         
            

            

               
                  Seinfeld will end this spring. Jerry Seinfeld reportedly turned
 down a $110-million offer ($5 million per episode) to continue the show for one
 more year, preferring to leave the audience wanting more. Critics appointed the
 show to the pantheon of Zeitgeist landmarks, alongside I Love
 Lucy , All in the Family , The 
               Mary Tyler Moore Show ,
 and Dallas . The elementary spin: Seinfeld was about the things
 that really concern Americans today, e.g., parking spaces and low-fat lattes.
 The intermediate spin: Yes, but this shows how shallow and self-absorbed we
 are. The advanced spin: The show mocked our shallowness and self-absorption.
 The business spin: NBC will return to the ratings cellar. The New York
 Times ' spin: "Americans have a fondness for eccentric New Yorkers." Fans
 speculated on spinoffs featuring Seinfeld 's co-stars. Best suggestion
 (from the Washington Post 's Tony Kornheiser): "SinnFeinfeld."
 (12/29)
            

            Egypt's
 supreme court upheld a ban on female genital mutilation . The country's
 health minister banned the practice (removal of the clitoris and sometimes the
 labia, often by family members using razors or knives) in 1996. Traditionalists
 went to court, but the court rejected their argument that Islamic law
 authorizes mutilation "as an individual right" beyond the reach of government.
 Advocates of women's rights think the ruling will help defeat the practice
 elsewhere, because Muslim countries regard Egypt as an authority on Islam.
 (12/29)
            

            Hong
 Kong began slaughtering more than a million chickens to stop the spread
 of the mysterious "bird flu." The flu has sickened at least 12 people and
 killed four. According to scientists, humans have no natural immunity to it,
 but they also don't transmit it easily. Experts from all over the world have
 flocked to Hong Kong to make sure the virus doesn't spread elsewhere.
 (12/29)
            

            The
 Minnesota Vikings staged one of the greatest playoff comebacks in
 football history.
