
   
   
      
         
            

            
 Springfield, Ore., buried two children killed by their classmate Kip Kinkel in
 last week's cafeteria massacre . Politicians and experts debated the
 meaning of it all. For a review of the arguments, click .
 (5/27/98)
            

            Voters in Northern
 Ireland approved a peace plan . Among other things, the plan appeases
 Catholics by including Northern Ireland in an all-Ireland council, and it
 appeases Protestants by abolishing the Irish Republic's constitutional claim to
 the majority Protestant North. Editorialists cheered the vote as a rejection of
 past violence and an embrace of peace and cooperation. Click for a
 dissection of the hype behind the vote. 
               (5/26/98)
            

            Judge
 Norma Holloway Johnson ruled that Secret Service agents cannot refuse to
 testify before the Lewinsky grand jury about the president's behavior. She
 rejected the argument, advanced by the Secret Service and by President
 Clinton's surrogates, that this would endanger presidents by causing them to
 evade the Secret Service personnel who are supposed to protect them.
 (5/26/98)
            

            
 Pro-democracy parties won the first legislative elections in Hong Kong
 under Chinese rule. The naive spin: The democrats won. The half-sophisticated
 spin: The democrats get ripped off, because the Chinese rigged the election so
 that only half the legislature's seats were available. The rest are chosen by
 organizations from which most voters are excluded. The fully sophisticated
 spin: Despite getting ripped off, the democrats have secured a political base
 from which to harass and embarrass the Chinese. (5/26/98)
            

            The
 Supreme Court refused to hear a challenge to a South Carolina
 child-endangerment law that has been used to prosecute pregnant women who
 imperil their fetuses by using illegal drugs. The challenge by pro-choice
 groups was based on narrow arguments, but the media are spinning the court's
 action as a victory for fetal rights.
