
   
   
      
         
            The Warner Brothers

            
               Lisa , produced by
 Trippi, McMahon, and Squier

            Of course, they aren't
 brothers, but two Warners--John and Mark, Republican and Democrat--are running
 against each other in Virginia for John's Senate seat. On the surface, this
 60-second ad for Mark is what political consultants call a "bio spot."
 Underneath, however, it is an implicit "comparative" in which every favorable
 item about Mark is an unspoken (for the moment) push off against John. The spot
 attempts to define the race; it's a road map to where Mark's campaign intends
 to go.

            John is older (69) and a
 career politician (31 years in public office, 18 of them in the Senate); Mark
 is 41 and a high-tech entrepreneur. The spot begins with Mark today,
 emphasizing that he's created a multimillion dollar business. He's trying, in
 effect, to give John a gold watch, to cast him as a senator for the past--a
 strategy often discussed in politics but seldom fully executed, as challengers
 usually turn to harder-edged negatives. Here Mark is graphically portrayed as
 the future; the spot tells us this visually, not only with his looks but
 with its look, right down to the cyberesque chyrons--the writing on
 screen--and the moving cursor.

            Both John and Mark are
 wealthy. John is Virginia hunt country and the former husband of both a Mellon
 heiress and Elizabeth Taylor. Mark, the spot tells us, is different:
 first in his family to college, which was paid for with loans and part-time
 jobs. His wife Lisa vouches for his effort to keep that old car running and pay
 off the student loans (polls show that if you had them, you better have paid
 them). This "common man" theme is also a pre-emptive defense. Mark will spend
 millions of dollars of his own money against John, the odds-on favorite who
 also has the clear fund-raising advantage. But Mark wants voters to know that
 he earned every penny himself.

            A skeptical electorate
 tends to resist claims made in political ads.
