
   
   
      
         
            Let Dole Be Reagan

            
               The Plan , created
 by the all-star Republican media team assembled for the general election, is a
 disciplined exposition of the dominant Dole/Kemp message that emerged after the
 candidate took his foot out of his mouth and started running again. The
 strategy is clear and politically smart: "Let Dole Be Reagan," complete with a
 partner who is the original supply-sider, co-author of Reagan's 1981 Kemp/Roth
 tax cut.

            This spot kidnaps the wage
 issue, which historically has belonged to the party of labor, not the party of
 big business. The first two scenes reach for the Reagan Democrats, depicting
 the blue- and new-collar middle class that loved Reagan but deposed Bush in
 1992. Dole's voice-over describes the wage gap they face in simple words:
 They're "working harder and longer but taking home less."

            Indeed, middle-class
 income, which rose 1.7 percent a year under Reagan, has stagnated during the
 Clinton recovery. The president has entertained proposals offered by Kennedy,
 Gephardt, and Reich to boost wages--such as new incentives for corporations to
 share soaring profits with workers. But instead of drawing attention to
 economic problems, the prevailing Clinton rule is to emphasize the good
 news.

            The Old Dole would have
 produced a spot that analyzed the economy in statistical and legislative terms;
 the New Dole of The Plan speaks directly into the camera in human terms,
 in Reaganesque language, about a family spending more on taxes than on "food,
 clothing, and housing combined." Visually, the spot returns to the office-like
 scene of Dole's disastrous State 
               of 
               the 
               Union
 response, but this time the lighting is right, and Dole finally looks
 presidential. (Last January, he was done in more by shadows than by
 substance.)

            The presidential Dole is
 shown talking with the workers he claims to identify with, and the voice-over
 switches to a narrator, who describes "the Dole Economic Plan.
