
   
   
      
         
            Risky Business

            
               Tell , produced by
 Bob Squier of Squier, Knapp & Ochs for the Clinton campaign.

            Windows or Mac; download
 time, 16 minutes at 14.4K

            
               Tell --the Clinton
 campaign's new spot that aired two days before Bob Dole's acceptance
 speech--all but defines a rapid-response ad.

            The spot capitalizes on
 the ambivalence greeting Dole's 15 percent tax-cut proposal: The latest
 CBS/ New York Times poll shows that voters aren't sure the cut is good
 for the country, but still favor it 61 percent to 33 percent. Tell 's
 strategy is to highlight the cut's dangers without mentioning the benefits.

            
               Tell begins with
 shots of the "Old Dole" filmed in the "attack colors" of black and white. It
 rips Dole's economic proposal, but avoids calling it a tax cut. Instead, the
 narrator warns of "Dole's risky economic scheme. ... He still won't tell us how
 he'll pay for it all." The word "risky," displayed as a bold chyron atop the
 Dole footage, bolsters this idea. So does a quotation from Business
 Week --also shown as a bold chyron--asserting that under the Dole plan, we
 can expect the "deficit to balloon."

            That Dole is silent about
 how he'll finance his "scheme" makes his plan sound like a Democratic giveaway
 program. This is more political jujitsu from Clinton guru Dick Morris, who
 continues to pre-empt the other side.

            Although the Dole proposal
 is straight out of Reagan's 1980 tax-cut playbook, Tell tilts not
 against Reagan, but against Bush. The next shots plunge the viewer into scenes
 from the Bush recession: an empty factory; a family apparently struggling to
 pay its bills; a "Plant Closed" sign; a bold "1991" chyron over a poster for a
 going-out-of-business sale. Tell poses the question, "Are you better off
 than you were five years ago?" and suggests that a vote for Dole would return
 us to the grim black and white of the past.

            The spot's next target is
 the Republican Congress.
