
   
   
      
         
            Dole vs. Dukakis

            
               Pledge , produced by
 Don Sipple: New Century Media Group

            With Dole far behind, the
 Republicans are replaying their comeback strategy of 1988: taxes and
 "character"--this year's Willie Horton. In this well-produced spot, the
 intentionally quiet images never get in the way of the message. Made by Don
 Sipple, the new maestro of the Dole media team, the spot conforms to the letter
 of the campaign laws, which now count Dole as out of money. The ad is presented
 (just barely) as legislative advocacy for (just nominally) the Republican
 National Committee. Democrats play the same game.

            The spot begins with
 footage of Clinton that was originally in color. As usual, the ad turns it
 black and white--not only so the president won't look too good, but to create
 the documentary quality of an old newsreel. The Clinton of 1992 looks and
 sounds so sincere pledging not to "raise taxes on the middle class"--to provide
 "tax relief no matter what we do." We can almost see him biting his lip. This
 scene is designed to exploit popular attitudes looked for, and found, in GOP
 polls: people's skepticism about Clinton's honesty, as well as their belief
 that their taxes have been raised. People nearly always believe their taxes
 have been raised--even when their taxes have been cut.

            The spot purports to
 detail the Clinton tax increase--with a newspaper headline. Conveniently, this
 "third-party verifier," the reliably conservative Washington Times, is
 never identified. The Clinton campaign disputes the charge of "the largest tax
 increase in history." But the Republicans offer it without fear of refutation,
 both because Democratic Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan said it and because it's
 not much of a defense to reply that it's only the second-largest tax increase.
 (Richard Nixon unwisely argued with John Kennedy over exactly how many
 millions of hungry children there were in America.)

            Notice how the still
 photos modestly complement, but never distract from, the series of charges--an
 income-tax form is the visual for "higher income taxes," an older person the
 visual for "increased taxes on Social Security," and so on.
