
   
   
      
         
            The Hair of the Dog

            
               Valedictorian ,
 produced for Seagram Americas.

            
               Valedictorian is more
 than an appeal to the thirsty to drink Crown Royal. It is the first break in
 the liquor industry's self-imposed ban on hard-liquor advertisements on
 television. The purveyors of spirits complain that the decades-old ban doesn't
 apply to beer and wine, and cite this as the reason why grapes and hops have
 been gaining market share against the hard stuff. Industry strategists knew
 that the ads were bound to be controversial; the initial spots, therefore, are
 designed to slip the product into the commercial dialogue with minimal splash.
 No happy groups hoisting highballs in the Polo Lounge here; no scenes from the
 days--or nights--of Crown Royal and roses. The spot is a little like the
 negative ads fielded early in a political campaign: If you can get them by
 without being too offensive, almost without being spotted, the message goes
 down a lot more smoothly.

            Using metaphor to make its
 point, Valedictorian clearly targets the male viewer. We see a large,
 obviously well-trained vizsla (if it wasn't well trained, who would want to be
 near it?) bringing the morning newspaper up the steps. The scene evokes the
 gracious life, even if it doesn't quite translate to the real world: As dog
 owners know, the family pet--if it fetches the newspaper--is as likely to shred
 it as to deliver it. The setting is obviously upscale, and so is the reading
 matter--the New York Times . The music is Elgar's Pomp and
 Circumstance ; the vizsla, the spare narrative tells us, is an
 "obedience-school graduate."

            We next see an identical
 vizsla bringing in a velvet-pouched bottle of Crown Royal. (Or, is it the same
 dog, doing double duty with the help of editing techniques that make it look
 like the twin of the first--a commercial takeoff on Multiplicity , which
 brought multiple Michael Keatons to the screen?
