
   
   
      
         
            The Angelic Answer

            
               Angel , produced for
 Life Insurance Foundation for Education by Carter Eskew of Bozell Eskew
 Advertising.

            "Tears such
 as angels weep ..."

            --John
 Milton, Paradise Lost
            

            The angel weeps as the spot
 opens, tears of rain apparently coursing down a soft-featured face. There is a
 reflection in the water, a rumble of thunder, a sense of beauty and menace,
 which the music amplifies. But there are no words. The images become all the
 more powerful as the dappling of the water slows and the rain seems to
 stop.

            Seldom in a political spot
 would we experience so wordless a span. Survey research urges ad makers to use
 every instant for explicit argument--even so, 30 seconds is never enough time
 to convey all that needs to be conveyed.

            Relieved of those
 constraints in Angel , Carter Eskew, who produced spots for the 1992
 Clinton campaign, has sculpted a decidedly nonpolitical spot that evinces
 clearly his sense of relief at having to make only one powerful point. The
 screen isn't cluttered with chyrons, comparisons, and third-party
 verifiers.

            The very wordlessness of the
 opening draws us in: What is this, we wonder, and what will happen next? The
 visual transition--water spraying in a fountain, through which we now watch a
 child playing with a toy sailboat--brings us to the first words: "You've
 thought about it." Indeed we have--at least for the last few seconds--and now,
 the image seems almost the dreamlike product of our own minds. We see a
 mother--the woman as provider (three decades ago, it would have been a man).
 The narrator's worried tone fits this setting of a stone angel intimating
 mortality: "What would happen if you weren't here?"

            At this point, the picture
 shifts to the angel (tombstone or promise of heaven?), and the spot brings us
 back to earth with an explicit, decidedly unethereal question about "money" and
 where it would come from.
