
   
   
      
         
            Medicare, Technical Truths, and Videotape

            
               Fool , produced by
 Greg Stevens for Dole/Kemp '96.

            The Democrats and
 Republicans accuse each other of lying about their respective Medicare
 proposals. In fact, neither side is lying: Each selectively cites facts and
 offers proof. The Republicans say they want to limit the increase of Medicare
 spending to 7 percent. This is not a cut, they say, just a slowdown in the rate
 of growth; the president wanted to cut, too. The Democrats maintain that the
 Republicans' increase in spending is below the rate of medical inflation (the
 Republicans respond by pointing to the general rate of inflation). The
 president trimmed the program only a third as much as the GOP plan--which also
 would have prevented millions of seniors from choosing their own doctors, and
 would have denied coverage for services like diabetes blood tests (which
 Gingrich now promises will be a priority in the next Congress).

            Despite the bickering, the
 Republicans know that Medicare is not their issue. Voters are more likely to
 believe the Democrats on Medicare and more likely to believe the Republicans on
 tax cutting, which means that there is a limit to what political ads can do to
 reshape ingrained attitudes. So until now, the Dole/Kemp ads ignored Medicare
 almost entirely and engaged in a struggle to make welfare, taxes, and character
 the defining terrain for voters. Fool , produced by Dole consultant Greg
 Stevens, abandons that agenda to respond on an issue where Republicans can at
 best neutralize, not prevail.

            This is the rare kind of
 response ad that actually and almost exclusively responds. Fool is
 entirely defensive, despite the obligatory knock on the other side's accuracy.
 The spot's life begins dangerously, with an excerpt from the Clinton/Gore ad
 that not only references, but reinforces the charge that Dole sought to cut
 Medicare.
