
   
   
      
         
            Getting Bombed With Clinton

            
               The Threat ,
 produced for the Dole campaign by Don Sipple of New Century Media.

            Windows or Mac; download time, 19 minutes at 14.4K

            RealAudio; for sound only

            In 1964, the Johnson for
 President campaign produced the classic "Daisy Ad," which successfully cast
 opponent Barry Goldwater as a nuclear warmonger without even mentioning him by
 name. The ad juxtaposed a little girl counting the petals on a flower with a
 nuclear countdown/detonation and asked if Americans wouldn't feel safer with
 LBJ as their president.

            Now, three decades later,
 the Republicans extract (esoteric) revenge with The Threat for the spot
 that has rankled them for years. Their ad portrays Clinton as the candidate who
 is placing the same petal-plucking little girl--and the nation's children--at
 risk with his lax drug policies.

            After The Threat
 aired, the Dole campaign gleefully revealed that the spot was a feint: It was
 backed by only a few advertising dollars and a low time-buy. Its aim was to
 provoke a hasty response from the Clinton war room, and that is exactly what
 happened. The Clinton camp's rejoinder aired within hours across the country,
 at a cost of millions of dollars. But the feint also fooled the news media and
 the Republican spinmeisters. The ad was widely shown on the network news, and
 Dole's supporters on the talk-show circuit wheeled the verbal cannon toward the
 drug issue. The effect was amplified by real news--a government report showing
 a rise in teen-age drug use.

            
               The Threat , the swan
 song of Dole's second--and now departed--media team, Don Sipple and Mike
 Murphy, is an opening salvo in the assault on Clinton's character. Shot in
 documentary monochrome, The Threat moves from its defining
 "Johnson-girl-with-flower" first scene to successive shots of youngsters on a
 playground using, buying, or being tempted by drugs.
