
   
   
      
         
            The Drug War

            
               The News , produced
 for Friends of Phil Gramm by Alex Castellanos of National Media.

            Windows or Mac; download time, 19 minutes at 14.4K

            ; for sound only

            
               The News , Texas Sen.
 Phil Gramm's swipe at Democratic opponent Victor Morales, is a standard
 comparative ad in three chapters: "Problem," "Good Guy," and "Bad Guy." It
 opens with a favorite image from the 1996 political season, a black-and-white
 close-up of a bag of drugs. The narration implies that the reason kids are
 using drugs is that we're not tough on pushers, who get just "a slap on the
 wrist." Valid or not, the view mirrors opinion polls. The language of the ad is
 pretested, and this initial argument will encounter little voter resistance. A
 subsequent image--a slow fade on a group of schoolkids, an American flag behind
 them--is a powerful one. It tells us visually that the America we want is
 fading away.

            Next, we see the Good
 Guy--Phil Gramm. He's depicted in a photograph, not on film. During the
 presidential primaries, ad tests showed that voters reacted negatively to Gramm
 speaking. So here he is, smiling, but in the safety of a still image. A shot of
 a congressional bill and a blowup quote provide symbolic third-party
 verification that the senator "has a plan" to get tough on pushers. Gramm's
 picture promptly disappears, but its brief presence qualifies the ad for the
 more lenient federal rules about "candidate" spots: Such spots can't be
 censored, and the stations must sell the time at a lower "political" rate.

            Gramm maintains a presence
 in the spot via a chyron (text on the screen): "The Gramm Plan." This plan
 consists, in part, of a 10-year sentence with no parole for pushers--another
 pretested winner in polls. The second element of the plan--life sentences for
 pushers who "exploit" kids--strikes another responsive chord by raising the
 specter of molestation.
