
   
   
      
         
            The Dope on Dole

            The Clinton campaign answers
 the Dole ads that lambasted the president as soft on drugs with Dole's Real
 Record , which efficiently portrays the Republican as a ghoulish,
 sloganeering, anti-kid politician.

            Juxtaposed with the opening
 shot of a teen-ager sitting on a curb is Dole, in grainy and smeared video
 footage that obviously has been blown up. The colors are off, giving him a
 sickly look, and the narration all but mocks his delivery of his neo-Nike
 anti-drug slogan: "Just Don't Do It."

            Next, we see a staple of
 this year's drug ads--kids gathered in a school hallway. They're smiling, but
 for how long? Dole's anti-drug slogan aside, the narrator informs us, he voted
 "to cut the president's school anti-drug efforts." With that, the grim Dole
 returns in black and white, and we're told that he voted against the creation
 of a drug czar.

            Suddenly the spot
 pivots--with no visual, verbal, or musical cue--from the subject of drugs to
 other youth-related issues. The classic structure of response spots is to
 answer an attack briefly and then shift the debate to stronger ground.
 Dole's Real Record does this with such ease that we hardly notice the
 transition. The narrator tells us that Dole voted against student loans,
 against Clinton's plan to limit tobacco ads aimed at kids, and against the
 vaccines-for-children program. "That's the real Bob Dole record, ... one
 slogans can't hide," says the narrator. Not only does this layer of varnish
 paint Dole as anti-education and anti-middle class, but the visuals give him
 the politically unprized patina of old age.

            Illustrating the charge that
 Dole and Gingrich voted against vaccines is a soulful child with big, staring
 eyes--an image right out of a Walter Keene painting. Her gaze reproaches Dole
 not only for this vote, but for all we have seen and heard in the spot.

            When we return to a
 scolding, finger-pointing Dole growling, "Just Don't Do It," the slogan carries
 a new meaning--that he just shouldn't have voted against the "pro-kid"
 legislation and that we just shouldn't vote for him.
