
   
   
      
         
            The Picture of Sen. Dorian Gray

            When campaign strategists
 politely invite voters to retire an incumbent, they're said to be "giving the
 opponent a gold watch." Legacy , a spot from Democrat Elliott Close's
 campaign against 95-year-old Sen. Strom Thurmond, is a 14K example of this
 technique. It cleverly places the still-popular politician in a time machine
 and gives South Carolina voters permission to ease him out of office without
 repudiating him.

            Juxtaposed with the visual
 of a young Thurmond is a reminder from the narrator that Thurmond began in
 politics "way back in 1928." As that photo dissolves into one of Thurmond in
 his 40s, then one of him in his 60s (70s?), the narrator praises the senator
 for serving South Carolina for "most of this century." The spot could have
 reminded voters that Thurmond was a hanging judge for blacks; a segregationist
 candidate for president against Harry Truman; and a bitter-end opponent of
 civil rights. But avoiding the negative is a smart tack. Assailing Thurmond's
 record would only appear to upbraid voters for having sent him to the Senate a
 half-dozen times.

            As the camera zooms in on
 the liver-spotted Thurmond of the third photo, the narrator voices what must be
 the thoughts of his constituents by now: "We appreciate all he's done." But
 that's not just a "thank you"; it's a gentle "goodbye." This is a Dorian Gray
 brought out of the attic of memory, aging before our eyes.

            The next scene clinches the
 argument. It begins with a tight shot of an open book featuring two photos of
 Thurmond. In one, he looks as if he's offering a farewell salute; in the other,
 he's an old man working out, trying to hang on. The camera cuts away to reveal
 that the reader is Close, sitting in his own living room. Literally closing the
 book on Thurmond, Close says respectfully that this election is "about the next
 century, not the last one."

            The succeeding scenes are
 more conventional, but Close's every appearance, in vivid color, completes the
 case.
