
   
   
      
         
            For Better or for Worse

            In one of Bob Dole's worst
 hours, his wife Elizabeth follows her brilliant performance at the Republican
 Convention with a warm, well-filmed 30-second appeal on his behalf. The spot,
 called Elizabeth , was produced by Alex Castellanos. He's Jesse Helms'
 ex-media man, and this ad proves that his style surely does change with his
 client. Normally, a spouse's endorsement spot doesn't do much beyond making a
 candidate feel good. If your wife or husband isn't for you, who is? But
 Elizabeth Dole's poll ratings and communication skills decisively exceed her
 husband's. In fact, Republican pollster Frank Luntz reports that his focus
 groups of voters show that the convention bounce was for Elizabeth, not Bob
 Dole.

            Visually, the spot creates
 the sense of a one-on-one conversation between each viewer and the appealing
 woman in the soft yellow suit who's sitting casually in what appears to be her
 living room. The smooth, slow camera movement through the spot imparts a degree
 of visual variety without disturbing the intimate mood. The surface simplicity
 of the scene belies the sheer weight of the spot's message. Elizabeth
 attempts to make three separate points, all of them critical to the Dole
 campaign.

            The would-be first lady
 first vouches for her husband's integrity--and by implication, points to the
 contrast with Bill Clinton. The spot is intentionally ladylike, a positive
 oasis in a desert of attack ads on both sides. But it, too, is intended to be
 negative: phrases like "doing what's right" and "living up to his word" play
 off much-surveyed voter doubts about the president's character.

            
               Elizabeth next tries
 to deal with one of Dole's central political weaknesses, a gender gap that
 leaves him as much as 25 or 30 points behind among women. So this woman,
 successful in her own right, and except for her politics a poster woman for the
 "Ms.
