
   
   
      
         
            On With His Head

            
               Photo exploits the
 controversy surrounding 1996's most reviled political ad, a Greg Stevens and
 Co. spot for Virginia Republican Sen. John Warner that attacked challenger Mark
 Warner as a national Democrat and--heaven forbid--a liberal.

            The Stevens ad featured a
 buddy photo of President Clinton, former Virginia Gov. Doug Wilder, and Sen.
 Chuck Robb, in which Mark Warner's head was superimposed on Robb's body--Warner
 was actually off to the side in the picture.

            It would have been a bad
 idea to try this trick anywhere; it was an even worse idea to try it in
 Washington, using a Washington Post photo. When the fake-photo story hit
 the front pages, Stevens, one of the most respected Republican consultants
 around, took the fall. John Warner asked him to leave the campaign (although
 he's still working for Bob Dole, and it's still not clear exactly how all this
 happened). Stevens himself is so closemouthed about it that he could do an ad
 for No Excuses jeans.

            Mark Warner's media team
 responded with an ad that targets John Warner's greatest strength--his
 perceived integrity. Photo assumes, correctly, that the audience is
 familiar with the controversy, and opens--as the narrator says--with the "real
 photo." Mark is almost out of the frame; you wouldn't look past the three
 powerful, well-known figures to find him--unless you were explicitly looking
 for him, that is. The next scene piques the viewer's interest by showing how
 the trick was played. Though the image was computer-generated, the tactic is as
 old as Stalin airbrushing the exiled Trotsky out of photos with Lenin. But
 where the old way always looked fake, today's technology can make the fake look
 entirely authentic.

            The next scene invokes a
 newspaper story as a third-party verifier of the scandal, and adds the charge
 that John's campaign is guilty of the dirty deed and of lying about it.
 Here Mark's spot adroitly turns the corner from response to attack.
