
   
   
      
         
            Character/Assassination

            
               Seconds , produced
 by Bob Squier of Squier, Knapp & Ochs for Clinton/Gore '96.

            
               Seconds daringly
 capitalizes on Jim and Sarah Brady's conversion to the Clinton camp, combining
 the horrific footage of John Hinckley's assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan
 with a stirring endorsement of Clinton from Brady, who was grievously wounded
 in the assault.

            Nancy Reagan has denounced
 Seconds as falling below "even the minimum levels of current political
 advertising." Apparently Mrs. Reagan hasn't seen many political spots lately.
 President Clinton himself decided to reject her demand that this ad be yanked
 off the air.

            The spot is aimed at swing
 voters--suburbanites, Republican women, and fiscal conservatives who disagree
 with the dominant Republican position on issues like guns and
 abortion--precisely the kind of people Jim and Sarah Brady were when he was
 serving as President Reagan's press secretary in 1981. Seconds speaks
 not only to the swing voters who are swinging so decisively to Clinton that he
 leads in normally Republican suburbs and states; it captures and plays upon the
 mood of an electorate that this year seems to despise the negative ads if they
 involve personal attacks. (The Clinton campaign has run plenty of negatives,
 but almost entirely focused on issues.)

            The first scene is the
 familiar news footage from 1981: A smiling and waving Ronald Reagan outside the
 Washington Hilton takes a bullet to the chest. The message here is that even
 the most optimistic person in America can be struck down by a gunman. The
 presence of this defining Republican president in a Clinton ad signifies and
 reinforces the appeal across partisan lines.

            The visual shifts to the
 wounded and bloodied Brady on the sidewalk and we recognize the voice, heard by
 tens of millions during the Democratic National Convention. Jim Brady's slow
 words hit like soft hammer blows--"It was over in a moment, but the pain lasts
 forever.
