
   
   
      
         
            Saturn Attacks!

            
               Appliances ,
 produced by Hal Riney and Partners Advertising for the Saturn Corp.

            
               Appliances opens with
 a scene straight out of Spielberg: A premonitory light shines from the upstairs
 window of a darkened suburban house. Thunder claps, lightning strikes, and
 Promethean electricity crackles down the pole. Let there be light! And so there
 is, in the desk lamp that begins to move on its own.

            Appliances all around the
 house activate, leaping and flying off counters and tables to the ground,
 moving purposefully together across the floor. Although unplugged from their
 sockets, the appliances continue to function, hinting at the battery-operated
 product Appliances is selling--the Saturn EV1 electric car. The spot
 alerts us to the promise of electricity made mobile, the next electric
 revolution. Light is a metaphor for life here, with animated appliances that
 produce it scattered among the moving gadgets.

            This procession of
 appliances spilling out onto the sidewalk also borrows heavily from Steven
 Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind , in which the elect are
 inexorably drawn to Devil's Tower, where they await the arrival of
 extraterrestrial spacecraft. The appliances gather in nervous expectation at
 the curb, fidgeting and looking down the empty street. The vehicle that
 represents the future doesn't descend, but glides down the street in a morning
 dawn that seems to herald this new miracle.

            As in Close
 Encounters , at first we see only the vehicle's lights. The video camera on
 the sidewalk records the proceedings on its own, its lens auto-focusing on the
 distant car. We get a glimpse of the car, refracted through a blender's thick
 glass and reflected in a computer screen--our eyes going from the most
 traditional appliance to the most modern to this postmodern vehicle, which, we
 assume by now, is powered by electricity, not gasoline.
