
   
   
      
         
            The Nikes Jumped Over the Moon

            
               Cow , produced by
 Jim Riswold, Alice Chevalier, and John Jay of Wieden & Kennedy, with
 animation assistance from Gordon Clark and Peter DeSeve of Wildbrain Animation
 House.

            
               Cow is an animated
 fairy tale that targets the subteen who still responds to the child within. But
 it is just as likely to engage the old folks of the athletic shoe
 market--Gen-Xers and the thirtysomethings. (As far as Nike is concerned, anyone
 past these demographics is a retired consumer.)

            Naturally, we never see a
 real shoe in this animated spot--that would break its tone. It opens, instead,
 with a cow grazing in a bucolic field. Out of shape and shoeless, this one is
 an eater, not an exerciser. Responding to the whistles and taunts of Old Man
 Moon, she attempts to re-enact the fairy tale and "jump over the moon."
 Leaping, then falling ("Ooh," says the moon), she lies splayed on her feeding
 ground.

            The fallen creature now
 responds to the strains of "Destination Moon" on the soundtrack: "Come and take
 a trip in my rocket ship." And what is the rocket? A Nike "swoosh" logo appears
 in a thought balloon over the animal's head. The brand doesn't have to be
 mentioned: In the age of the advertised image, where television often seems
 more real than real life, the Nike swoosh is ubiquitous. The cow squeezes into
 the barn, then races outside wearing Nikes. "We'll travel fast and light," the
 song goes--as the animal soars over Old Man Moon, punching him so hard that he
 sees stars.

            
               Cow 's message isn't
 that Nikes are a substitute for working out. Rather, the spot tells you that if
 you wear the shoes and just do the rest, you'll soar, whether your moon be the
 NBA, a three-mile jogging path, or a playground. The high-jumping bovine also
 reinforces Nike's core identification with basketball and the Bulls' Michael
 Jordan.
