
   
   
      
         
            Rubber Pitches

            
               Before It's Too
 Late , produced for Ansell Inc. by Tom Eppley of Red Bank, N.J.

            
               One Night Stand, Two
 Weeks Later , produced for Ansell Inc. by Stu Pollard of Los Angeles.

            
               Forget Me Not ,
 produced for Ansell Inc. by Rick Starbuck of Santa Barbara, Calif.

            Each year, Ansell Inc., the
 makers of LifeStyles condoms, conducts a condom ad contest that anyone can
 enter--PR firm or individual, amateur or professional. Then the company
 broadcasts the winners as its television advertising campaign, or tries to air
 the ads themselves. MTV and the Comedy Channel routinely run the spots, but
 most network affiliates outside three markets (Boston, Seattle, and Chico,
 Calif.) have refused so far to show them.

            Under federal law,
 broadcasters can't censor ads for political candidates, but everything
 else--from soap to the nuttiest issue ad campaign--must meet the stations'
 amorphous standards of accuracy and good taste. So most of the ads you see on
 television, believe it or not, are certified as true, defensible, and tasteful.
 Presumably the condom ads aren't false--the product does work; they fail on
 grounds of taste.

            This year's first-prize
 winner, Before It's Too Late , was created by a truck driver whose hobby
 is computer animation. A talking skeleton holding a LifeStyles condom in bony
 fingers confides that he never used a condom because he was "too embarrassed to
 ask for them from behind the counter," and because he'd "feel awkward stopping
 in the middle of everything just to put this on." He continues: "But then
 lately, I don't feel a thing."

            Even before the advent of
 AIDS, sex was equated with death. Before It's Too Late updates and
 exploits this cultural assumption, letting the viewer play with the horror of
 sex and death without really confronting it. The words aren't explicit, but the
 message is: "Use a condom, and you won't die.
