
   
   
      
         
            Energizer Rabbit Run

            
               Woodchuck , produced
 for Energizer Batteries by TBWA Chiat/Day and Epoch Films.

            Political pollsters argue
 that most commercials don't really work--that viewer recall of a product and
 its claimed attributes is actually remarkably low, and that the research
 "proving" the efficacy of the ads is largely controlled by the ad agencies that
 made the ads in the first place. (That's mild, by the way, compared with what
 the commercial advertisers say about the quality and ethics of political
 ads.)

            The Energizer Bunny is an
 exception to this rule. Batteries are practically a commodity, but the
 long-running Bunny campaign has implanted the message of long-lasting
 reliability in the public consciousness. The Bunny is now almost a cultural
 artifact, and if the "keeps going and going" message is to be extended, it must
 be restated in ways that build on the image without boring the viewers.

            
               Woodchuck is a case
 study of the process--and a case of cultural updating. In a series of quick
 cuts--narrative bites that put old slogans into younger voices and visual
 echoes of popular entertainment--the spot extends the Energizer message to a
 new generation.

            As the camera pulls back
 from a television set showing the Energizer Bunny in action, we see a group of
 twentysomething guys--in T-shirts, shorts, chinos, with an occasional
 beard--gathered around a van or a utility vehicle. One of them talks about how
 long "this thing's been goin', " and the "obsession" to chase it. (Where are
 the women: Don't they buy batteries?) The group piles in and sets off down the
 road while the rotating radar on top of the van searches out its target--like a
 scene out of Twister . Like the storm-chasers, we're told, this group has
 "gone days without seeing anything." Here and later, the borrowed images from
 Twister are amplified by the searchers talking not to the viewers, but
 to what appears to be a third-party documentary filmmaker.
