
   
   
      
         
            Imprinting Baby

            
               Babysitter ,
 produced by Goodby, Silverstein & Partners for Hewlett Packard.

            
               Babysitter for
 Hewlett Packard not only announces but also illustrates that HP has a
 photo-quality color-printer solution so effective that it's accessible even to
 computer-phobes, those modern-day Luddites who cling to their yellow legal
 pads.

            The spot is structured as a
 "baby melodrama"--a problem becoming an apparently insoluble crisis: An elderly
 baby-sitting granddad is simultaneously bored and apprehensive. His charge is
 asleep, the grandfather clock ticks peacefully in the background, but Gramps is
 too frightened to move, lest he disturb the infant. Tentatively, awkwardly, he
 reaches for the television remote control and taps it. The set turns on in an
 explosion of sound. The baby! The baby! The noise will wake the baby! It
 does--loud wails fill the room. Under pressure, Gramps can't handle something
 as simple as the remote control. This man is technologically inept.

            As even the dog flees the
 cacophony, Gramps puts the crying baby into the playpen. (That will only make
 things worse--doesn't he remember?) He tries everything. An appeal: "Don't cry
 sonny, don't cry. Mom and Dad will be right back." A placebo: He shakes a toy
 frog in the kid's face, then a doll--whose head flies off. Shot from the baby's
 point of view with a wide-angle lens, Grandfather looks every bit the monster
 as he tries to calm the storm. As the wailing reaches a crescendo, lights go on
 all across the neighborhood. The helpless baby sitter seems caught in Murphy's
 Law Hell: Everything is going wrong.

            Confused, frantic, he whips
 a picture of the baby's parents off the piano and takes it out of its frame.
 Then we see ... Grandfather's hand, moving a mouse ! What can he be
 doing? If he can't handle a television remote or even a doll, can he figure out
 a computer?
