
   
   
      
         
            Gotcha!

            The Los
 Angeles Times and the Washington Post lead with the arrests of nearly 60
 airport workers in Miami on charges related to drug and weapons trafficking
 (the other papers all front this story). USA Today leads
 with a widening investigation of money laundering in Russia. The amounts
 involved may top $15 billion, and political insiders including Boris Yeltsin's
 daughter could be implicated. The New York Times
 leads with the FBI's backing down from their six-year denial that incendiary
 devices were used during the siege of the Branch Davidian compound, a story
 that's fronted by the WP . The LAT, WP, and the Wall Street
 Journal front the capture of a high-ranking Bosnian Serb military
 official by the U.N. war crimes tribunal.

            A two-year sting operation nabbed dozens of American Airlines ramp workers,
 employees of Sky Chef (a food catering service used by American), and a handful
 of INS and customs officials. The workers used their security clearance and
 free flight privileges to smuggle fake cocaine and hand grenades for undercover
 federal agents in 37 different incidents. The arrests may be related to last
 weekend's arrests of 10 Colombians in Cali who were also using American
 Airlines planes to smuggle drugs. The papers suggest that American has proven
 particularly prone to smuggling problems because it has the most service to
 drug-exporting countries such as Colombia. The NYT plays up an
 interesting safety angle: Not only is smuggling laughably easy, it's
 potentially very dangerous. Smugglers often stashed contraband close to
 sensitive equipment, or among the in-flight food. Authorities were tipped off
 to the smuggling ring when a pilot complained of weak in-flight coffee--it had
 been accidentally laced with heroin.

            Various organized crime bosses and politicos are being scrutinized by the
 FBI, the Treasury Department, and other U.S. and British agencies. At least $15
 million was filtered through two New York-based banks to a company owned by
 Semion Mogilevich, an alleged leader of Russia's largest crime syndicate.
