
   
   
      
         
            The (Young) People's Car

            
               Sabotage , produced
 by J.J. Sedelmaier Productions Inc. for Volkswagen of America Inc.

            
               Sabotage resurrects a
 Japanese import from the '70s--the Speed Racer cartoon series--to sell a
 '90s German import, the Volkswagen GTI. Produced and directed by the legendary
 J.J. Sedelmaier, the ad exploits the nascent nostalgia of twentysomethings and
 thirtysomethings who watched the Speed Racer series in syndication
 during their younger days, or saw it during the '90s on MTV and the Cartoon
 Network.

            The spot plucks the
 nostalgia chord in the first frames, opening like an episode of the cartoon
 series, with the Sabotage title splashed across the rotating wheel of
 Speed's car, the Mach-5. The Japanese characters at the bottom of the title
 card credit Sedelmaier and his team, who have expertly mimicked the
 Japanimation style of the original series. To make it look more authentic,
 Sedelmaier corrupted the new animation by transferring the negative to a second
 one to make the cartoon look 25 years old. This emphasis on authenticity
 actuates Marshall McLuhan's notion of medium as message: The cartoon is the
 real thing, and so is the car.

            In the first scene, the hood
 is up and smoke is pouring out. The Mach-5 has been sabotaged. The Mach-5 is
 big, powerful, and gas-guzzling. What Speed needs something more
 efficient--smaller, but with big pickup and quick response.

            Speed's obviously rattled
 mechanic-friend, Pops, expresses panic--"Speed, if you don't win, we could lose
 everything." As in the series, the words are slightly out-of-sync--as if dubbed
 from the Japanese. Just in time, Inspector Detektor reveals the solution to
 Speed's problem--keys with a VW logo--and presents him with the car. Speed
 knows what it is--"The Volkswagen GTI!"

            We cut/dissolve to a
 yellow-and-red checkered race flag and into the race. As the GTI gains on the
 pack, Trixie, sitting in the passenger seat, urges her pilot on: "Faster,
 Speed!
