
   
   
      
         
            Doing Coke at the Office

            
               Office , produced by
 the Leo Burnett Co. Inc. of Chicago for the Coca-Cola Co.

            
               Office opens in a
 very proper, high-ceilinged office space. Its rows of well-ordered desks--far
 from the power and privilege of a private office--evoke the worst fears about
 the dehumanizing places where corporate careers begin.

            Then we hear the whoosh of a
 cap turning on a bottle of Diet Coke. The guy opening the soda (dressed in a
 white shirt and tie--at least you can take your jacket off at your desk) has
 broken not only the silence but also the rules.

            Heads turn at other desks as
 big-band music strikes up and the Diet Coke drinker spins away in his desk
 chair. Suddenly decked out in a snazzy blue suit, he starts dancing
 acrobatically, Astaire-style, and singing the soda's theme, Sinatra-style
 ("just for the feel of it" updates the long-running "just for the taste of it"
 theme of previous Diet Coke campaigns). The lighting changes, too, making the
 office space look like the inside of a nightclub.

            Diet Coke takes you off the
 beaten career track, the spot suggests. It liberates the young rebel who's
 doing what he has to do to get ahead, but who still doesn't take it all too
 seriously.

            We've seen these visuals
 before. It's Steve Martin in Pennies From Heaven . Our guy is being
 transported to a different astral plane. And the vehicle is Diet Coke. He
 dances off the walls and over to the desks of two women, who smile up at
 him--they've caught the mood. This is the kind of guy who gets the girls. We
 know that for sure as he turns toward one of them, strokes her chin, and hands
 her the bottle. The narrator tells us that "everyone is singing to the sound of
 Diet Coke," and invites us to win CDs and trips to the Grammies by checking the
 bottom of the bottle cap. (The fine print about a "one-in-nine" chance
 acknowledges regulations about truth in advertising: Even a rebel has to
 conform to some rules.
