
   
   
      
         
            Making the SportsCenter Team

            
               Talent Search,
 produced for ESPN Inc. by Wieden & Kennedy.

            Posing as a casting call for
 potential anchors, Talent Search , produced for SportsCenter on ESPN, is
 a pointed, witty put-down of sports, television, and politics.

            Making no concessions for
 the uninformed, the spot assumes viewers are familiar with its principal
 players and references. Only in the setup scene does a character get a chyron
 ID: We're not supposed to instantly recognize the ubiquitous SportsCenter
 producer who tells us that sports personalities do not automatically qualify as
 sports anchors. Reinforcing the idea is the first candidate--Washington Bullet
 Gheorghe Muresan, who, besides being the NBA's tallest player ever, is known as
 one of its least articulate: The Bullets use him in an ad whose entire point is
 that he can't even manage to recommend that viewers buy tickets to a Bullets
 game.

            That Muresan has made it to
 the interview lineup augurs well for the man who follows him. The chyron that
 accompanies our first shot of this next candidate, whom we see over the
 shoulders of the interviewers, further lowers the bar: This is "mid-season
 recruitment" in progress--anyone halfway decent could break in.

            The middle-aged man on the
 casting couch doesn't identify himself, but he tells us that he won a gold
 medal in the Olympics and a Rhodes scholarship, that he played for the Knicks
 for 10 years, and then: "I was a U.S. senator for 18 years." Some viewers will
 recognize Bill Bradley; others will know only that the candidate is a senator
 who used to play in the NBA. As with Muresan, you either get the reference or
 you don't. The spot makes sense either way.

            The interviewers share a
 glance--the mention of politics didn't go down well. One of them, clearly a
 better talker than Bradley (and he has proof--the conspicuously inconspicuous
 Emmy behind his shoulder), presses on: "How about any writing experience?
