
   
   
      
         
            Growing Pains

            
               That's My Boy ,
 produced by Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising for Adult Tylenol.

            The strategy animating
 That's My Boy , produced by Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising for Adult
 Tylenol, is simple: Capitalize on the clichéd but timely football motif to
 appeal directly to the men among the 129 million viewers of the Super Bowl
 broadcast. At the same time, reach out to women--who buy the pills and stock
 the medicine cabinet--by cleverly deconstructing the macho stereotype so that
 it becomes familiar, funny.

            The idea seems to have
 worked: The ad emerged as one of the Super Bowl broadcast's 10 most successful,
 according to USA Today 's people meter, a hand-held dial that registered
 the second-by-second reaction of a sample of 139 consumers. And it fared
 particularly well with women, who placed it in the top five.

            The spot opens with an
 overweight father clearly looking to realize his old dreams vicariously through
 his son. Dad knows that the key to success lies in the early start he did not
 get, that only the savvy fledgling gets the worm. So he's willing to go to bat
 for his boy: "Now, we got a lot of work to do before the next game," he tells
 the perfectly--and expensively--attired aspirant. "But I'm with you." His
 support, the son's almost weary "OK, Dad" suggests, is a dubious privilege.

            The second scene shows Dad
 holding the ball for a place kick. The setting, complete with Norman Rockwell
 backyard and white picket fence, is perfect. It invites nostalgia, stirs
 memories of The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet or, for parents born a
 generation later, The Partridge Family , when ... ouch ! Junior's
 mighty kick makes sharp contact with Dad's foot.

            Undaunted, the
 self-appointed coach keeps his post, showing his charge how to throw the ball,
 then going out for a pass. "I'm open," he yells. Sure he is--there's no one
 else on the field.
