
   
   
      
         
            Back in the Line of Fire

            
               Pat's Back ,
 produced by Jonathan Schipp and Mike Hessing for CNN's Crossfire .

            Martial music and an
 outrider-flagged motorcade herald Pat Buchanan's return to Crossfire ,
 the show that gave him enough currency in households across the United States
 to take not one, but two stabs at the presidency.

            The motorcade circles the
 Capitol building in the opening shot, creating an immediate association between
 the spot's principals and that bully pulpit. We assume we're seeing a
 presidential motorcade--complete with police escort--returning from the Hill,
 the drumbeat-punctuated music enhancing the weight of the scene.

            Is this a promotional for a
 report on the Clinton presidency? Apparently not. The subject of the ad, the
 narrator tells us, is "a champion of the conservative right"--a description
 that doesn't fit Clinton, even at his most vacillatory. But the helmeted riders
 around the limousine, the fluttering flags atop it, the stoplights freezing
 oncoming traffic--all create an undeniable sense of moment. Which important
 conservative ideologue are we talking about here? Ronald Reagan?

            Wrong again. This person
 "served" in the Nixon and Reagan administrations, and did so "with
 distinction." The Nixon mention is our first hint that the spot might be
 promoting unreconstructed Watergate defender Pat Buchanan. The narrator dispels
 any suspicions of a George Bush revival by telling us that the man in question
 challenged Bush in his second bid for the presidency, and himself ran "twice
 ... for the highest office in the land." Bingo, says the politically literate
 CNN audience--it's Pat! (So what if he isn't overwhelmingly presidential?
 Surely he's controversial enough to need that Secret Service battlewagon we now
 see behind the limo? And so what if the next campaign is too far away to
 warrant a motorcade .... well, there must be some explanation.)

            A spit-and-polish cop waves
 the procession onward (the in-joke here is that it now seems headed toward the
 CNN building four blocks from the Capitol).
