
   
   
      
         
            Clinton's Kid Stuff

            
               The Toughest Job in the
 World , produced by Young & Rubicam Inc. for the Advertising Council
 Inc./The Coalition for America's Children PSAs.

            
               The Toughest Job in the
 World gives us a different Bill Clinton. This isn't a politician trying to
 shrug off the shroud of scandal. This is a hard-working man, an engaged parent
 trying to do the best he can in a world where the odds are stacked up against
 him and others like him. The issues the spot focuses on--children, their
 education and development--are what the public really cares about, say the
 polls. The picture it presents of Clinton--as father, as promoter of family and
 community values--is one that the White House has been trying to push for at
 least a year.

            As Clinton's luck would have
 it, Madison Avenue and big media have partnered to extend the president's
 re-election themes of family and community at no cost to him. These ads,
 created by the nonprofit Ad Council, will be run free on television, radio, and
 in print as part of a public-service campaign on behalf of children. And this
 flagship 60-second spot does at least as much to promote the president's
 family-values image as it does to jump-start that public-service campaign.

            Recalling the Dick
 Morris-Bob Squier spots for the '96 election, this one opens with Clinton at a
 podium complete with waving flag. It moves on to shots of oil paintings of
 Lincoln and Washington, implying that these men, like Clinton, who's doing the
 voice-over, were also charged with doing "the toughest job in the world." The
 consequences of failure, Clinton tells us, "could be serious."

            Cresting around that
 portentous pronouncement, our expectations are confounded by what comes next.
 The job in question isn't the presidency, Clinton tells us: "It's being a
 parent." Appropriately, the camera no longer focuses on the president alone. A
 home-video-style shot of him with wife Hillary and daughter Chelsea (who's
 clearly going to be seen more in the second term than in the first) is followed
 by one of the first lady, seen next to the president, talking of "drugs and all
 the other pressures facing our children.
