
   
   
      
         
            Sprite's Spite

            
               Jooky , produced for
 the Coca-Cola Co./Sprite Brand by Lowe & Partners/SMS.

            This spot wasn't made for
 Jooky, the kooky product it seems to promote. It was made for Coca-Cola's
 Sprite--a fact it hides well. Only at the end of the spot is Sprite mentioned;
 only then does one realize that the string of clichés--sun and sand, beach
 towels and bikinis--invited you to suspend disbelief through the viewing, and
 that you fell for it.

            The thump of a Caribbean
 beat urges that you "open up a Jooky," and someone does. The screen fills with
 purple bubbles (a detail that, in retrospect, suggests a consumer-research
 finding that purple isn't the soft-drink color of choice). Then come the
 ubiquitous images--dude on surfboard, girl being tossed in blanket, crowd
 cheering--that link the product (be it deodorant or dentures, the Bahamas or a
 beverage) with that oldest persuader of them all: sex. "Jooky" and "nooky"--get
 it? The jaded viewer mocks the gag, then promptly buys it. Most consumers,
 studies have shown, believe themselves impervious to the pitiful ploys of
 advertising. Most consumers, studies have shown, are not--in fact, they are
 especially vulnerable when advertisers play directly to their skepticism.

            "It's a party in a can":
 Here's Poseidon, his adventure just beginning, emerging from the depths. He
 bears his burden of blonde and cans with ease. A hot young thing swings on a
 tire, offering you her drink. A jock makes short work of a pile of Jooky cans.
 Hard bodies dance toward the volleyball net: "Jooky is fun and fruity"--it
 "make you really kooky." The mandatory buffoon in the mock-Superman outfit
 romps on the sand, his one thought (you got it) captured in a comic-book
 bubble.

            Bit by bit, the spot winks
 at its own satire. The jingle trips the light fantastic, promising the earth
 (Jooky "make you manly, mahn," in a Caribbean accent thick enough to thaw).
 What we get instead is a trip in the sand: Jooky in hand, a volleyball player
 falls flat on his face.
