
   
   
      
         
            Movietone Miller

            
               Bottles , produced
 by Wieden & Kennedy for the Miller Brewing Co.

            The blur of beer bottles,
 the boom of the band. Strains of music, the words foreign yet familiar.
 "C'est si bon ," croons the chanteuse as the black-and-white images tap
 barely there memories of a better time: "It's so good."

            
               Bottles , produced by
 Wieden & Kennedy for the Miller Brewing Co., is "about real people in real
 situations," according to Miller Vice President Jack Rooney. And there's little
 doubt that it aims to re-create a smaller, more intimate world. If the marriage
 of that world and this mass-produced manna strains credulity somewhat, that's
 OK: Nostalgia yields to laughter at the resolution, but it is used to good
 effect along the way. Explicitly abandoning the brittle brightness of standard
 beer commercials, Bottles starts by drawing on a vastly different set of
 themes: simplicity, pride, diligence.

            Harking back to a time when
 there was a human element in the production process, the spot consists largely
 of industrial-film-style footage of a female worker monitoring bottles of beer
 as they go by on the belt. Eyes narrowed, concentration absolute, this Hattie
 McDaniel of the hops watches the line with an unwavering eye. The visuals
 suggest the 1940s--a draft that sent 12 million men into the armed forces and
 created unprecedented employment opportunities for blacks and women
 (opportunities that were lost when peace returned and Johnny came marching
 home); mass migration from the rural South to the industrial North that made
 Rosie the Riveter a household name and exemplar. And the lyrics suggest
 optimism, romance. No gloomy prognostications of doom and bloodshed here;
 rather, the voice of Eartha Kitt, recalling the languor of the lounge, the
 sinuous energy of the cabaret and Catwoman. (No matter that the base note here,
 Kitt's notorious opposition to another war, complicates the harmony
 somewhat.
