
   
   
      
         
            Drug Rehabilitation

            
               Daifotis , produced
 by Carter Eskew of Bozell-Eskew for the Pharmaceutical Researchers and
 Manufacturers Assn.

            The producers of
 Daifotis faced a Herculean task: Survey data showed that their client,
 the pharmaceutical industry, had an image problem. Like your friendly
 neighborhood politician, your friendly neighborhood drug company was considered
 anything but. Au contraire , the unhappy consensus was that it was
 avaricious, monopolistic, loyal only to the bottom line.

            Appropriately, the man
 charged with the task is a past master at peddling image as product. Head of
 the ad team for Clinton-Gore '92, Carter Eskew has since migrated to the
 commercial side of the business. And Daifotis , like the other spots in
 the Bozell-Eskew campaign for the pharmaceutical industry, marks the
 convergence of political and commercial advertising. Using one of the former's
 most powerful ploys, it chooses to come at the viewer obliquely via a human
 face, a human tragedy, that carefully fronts the industry behind.

            The issue here is
 osteoporosis and the speaker, a young woman whose life it touched. "My
 grandmother had osteoporosis," she says, briefly humanizing the 10 million
 victims who might have otherwise been collapsed into a single statistic by the
 opening chyron. Here and through the spot, she speaks directly to the camera,
 her earnest face and voice limning with hope the shots of an ailing elder and
 of single, bleak lines of text that bring the disease to life and the living
 room. Her speech seems spontaneous, not scripted: The desired effect, of
 course, is that she personalize the industry she is promoting, edging it into
 our consciousness as a provider of solutions--nay, as a caring provider
 of solutions.

            A black-and-white photograph
 briefly recalls happier times, then makes way for this young professional
 (she's wearing the mandatory blue suit) describing her grandmother's
 degeneration, her increasing frailty and the consequent reversal of roles: "I
 had to carry her and hold her as I remember her always carrying me.
