
   
   
      
         
            Great Man Theory
            

            Dear Joe,

            It's nice to know that reporting does not change. One of the first lessons I
 learned in journalism school was the old phrase "there is nothing new under the
 sun," and I suspect that in five years an exciting new topic will be
 fascinating us in the same way that the Internet is now and the takeovers of
 the 1980s did then. I too was riveted by leveraged buyout stories in that time
 and great characters like T. Boone Pickens.

            I was particularly struck by Connie Bruck's The Predator's Ball
 about this time period, which I liked because of just what you were talking
 about. Business was dramatic, made up of people and not just numbers. I was
 very cognizant of this when I was writing my book on AOL. It was clear quickly
 that all the successes and failures there over the years were due more to a
 particular person than to larger market forces. AOL, born under some kind of
 lucky star, was able to attract the right person at the right time to cause it
 to be able to get to the next level. In its earliest days, it needed the
 craziness provided by a enthusiastic entrepreneur named Bill Von Meister. But
 it was a diligent and totally focused executive named Steve Case who was able
 to take his ideas and make them real. And Case needed a lot of help too--often
 company mythologies focus on one person--from the loud entrance of Ted Leonsis
 in 1994 to provide the spice and media savvy that Case lacked to Bob Pittman's
 entry in 1996, which gave AOL the world-class manager who would turn the
 company into a "real" one.

            The situation with AT&T is a case in point, with its current leader,
 Michael Armstrong. Whatever you think of the company's strategy to converge its
 cable, telephone, and Internet business to achieve some iron lock on the
 consumer, it is clearly being driven by Armstrong. The same is true of most
 every Internet company I have written about--such as Jeff Bezos at Amazon and
 Jerry Yang and David Filo at Yahoo.
