
   
   
      
         
            Toilet Training

            
               Quilters , produced
 by J.J. Sedelmaier Productions Inc. for Quilted Northern Tissue.

            
               Quilters would have
 you believe that bathroom tissue is more than trash in the making. Produced by
 J.J. Sedelmaier, who adapted the Japanimation-style Speed Racer to sell a new
 Volkswagen, it uses a reliable formula to good effect. It draws on the
 familiar--in this case, the film How to Make an American Quilt --and
 renders it different. Needless to say, success, in such cases, hinges on the ad
 maker's ability to manipulate that fine line between the familiar and the
 clichéd: It's all in the adaptation.

            Released in 1995, How to
 Make an American Quilt drew a largely female audience. Some of the film's
 leitmotifs--tradition as clarifier and stabilizer, a strong community of
 women--resurface in this spot, which promotes Quilted Northern Tissue. The
 animation soft, the music folksy, we are introduced to the "Quilted Northern
 Quilters," a group of women creating handmade paper. It's an engaging image, if
 an unlikely one. And though it isn't clear why the women use knitting needles
 to quilt, the explicitly artificial setting makes the sale. Animation, which
 lets mice sing and lions be kings, saves the spot from ridiculing its own
 message.

            It's the first day for the
 quilting group's newest entrant, but her integration is seamless, the bonding
 instant. The older women in the group--peas in a pod but for a
 multi-culti-mandated difference of skin color--are quick to reassure the
 novice. "Don't worry, doll," says the black woman. "Just keep quilting."
 Because that, adds the white one, is what makes the sheets "so absorbent." Fie
 on those of you who think quilted bathroom tissue is all about aesthetics: It's
 utility , stupid. Quilters is a model exercise in branding, that
 Holy Grail of our times. Be it of dubious value, the extra element--"quilting"
 in this case--is designed to convince the consumer that paying more gets them
 more.
