
   
   
      
         
            That Feel-Good Feeling

            
               Star-Spangled
 Bonds , produced by Peter Mullett Films/Kershner & Co. for U.S. Savings
 Bonds.

            
               Star-Spangled Bonds
 strings a series of luminous limnings aimed straight at the heart. It taps--and
 markets--the image of America as the land of milk and honey, of opportunity and
 prosperity, of freedom well earned and much valued. Nothing novel about the
 advertising techniques here: But they're put to effective use, and are unlikely
 to offend in this era of peace and plenty, where the political battles in
 Washington seem so completely irrelevant that pollsters are hard pressed to
 elicit strong reactions from their public. Not that the spot raises the
 specters of isolation and apathy, of course. Star-Spangled Bonds '
 America is involved, concerned, and while the spot does draw explicitly on the
 country's speckled history, it is careful to take the edge off.

            Set, appropriately, to the
 "Star-Spangled Banner" (à la Jimi Hendrix), and presented montage-style, the
 spot mines the collective memory for its material. There are shots aplenty from
 times of war and protest: the curve of a fighter jet; Iwo Jima, in black and
 white; a Black Panther's finger snap; battlefield comradeship; a civil-rights
 clash; the dun and dunes of what appears to be Operation Desert Storm; an
 anti-Vietnam War rally; then the Vietnam War Memorial, in sunset silhouette.
 And there's plenty of fuzzy stuff--a shot of a child playing with fluffy white
 pigeons; of a fiercely bespectacled towhead whooshing down a slide; of a happy,
 freckles-and-ice-cream-spattered face. No in-your-face politics, perhaps, but
 children and their rights remain sacred in the public eye--even Republican
 conservatives didn't dare oppose the Kennedy-Hatch plan of health care for kids
 paid for by cigarette taxes, part of this summer's bipartisan budget bill.

            Threading the collage is the
 word "freedom," presented on the unlikeliest of canvases--on a scrap caught on
 a wire fence, on the black-leather back of a biker's jacket, on a green road
 sign.
