
   
   
      
         
            Go Ahead, Give Your Opponent the Finger

            
               No. 1 , produced by
 the team of Message & Media and Struble, Oppel, and Donovan Communications
 for Jim McGreevey for Governor.

            This is a great political
 spot: It's creative, it's fun, and it's effective--or at least, the first half
 of it is. No. 1 , produced by the team of Message & Media and
 Struble, Oppel, and Donovan Communications, goes full tilt at New Jersey Gov.
 Christine Todd Whitman, who's heavily favored to win re-election.

            This isn't a frontal attack,
 if you're being literal--the spot shows only the back of her (look-alike's)
 head. No. 1 turns Whitman's instant-recognition advantage against her:
 One look at the distinctive do and tony threads and New Jersey voters are bound
 to think they've pinned the tail on the right donkey. The spot also plays off
 Whitman's relentless cheerleading and ad nauseam bragging about being No. 1:
 She brandishes a Styrofoam hand emblazoned with "#1" and a New Jersey map.
 Index finger proudly raised, the hand's relentless bobbing is meant to grate
 and does a fine job of it.

            Effectively asking if
 Whitman's satisfaction translates to yours, the ad emphasizes the separation
 between this patrician politician and the voter. Her voice is annoyingly
 WASPish, and she seems to be standing on a stage, one level above the hoi
 polloi. No. 1 reiterates what people already know--Whitman's family's
 been privileged for generations; simply put, she's out of touch, and her No. 1
 and your No. 1 aren't the same thing. She doesn't know what her opponent's
 polling obviously shows--that voters think New Jersey is on the wrong track.
 How can this be, with the economy on the upswing and the Whitman income-tax
 cut, her centerpiece promise four years ago, now fully in place? As the
 narrator points out, unsourced headlines and a sharp fade to sepia stressing
 the point, the tax cut came with a price tag: "We're No.
