
   
   
      
         
            Mom for Governor

            
               Cool Mom , produced
 by Murphy, Pintak, Gautier, Hudome Agency Inc. for Whitman for Governor.

            
               Cool 
               Mom gives
 us the softer side of New Jersey Gov. Christie Whitman, drawing viewer
 attention away from polls (three in just the last week) that show her in a dead
 heat with Democratic challenger Jim McGreevey. Besides giving New Jersey voters
 a much-needed break from Whitman's attacks on her opponent and his "high-tax
 philosophy," it is also a well-calculated response to McGreevey's
 attacks on Whitman as clueless snob and insensitive patrician. Produced by Republican
 media adviser Mike Murphy, this spot disdains contentious facts and boring
 stats in favor of fuzz. It focuses on Whitman as Mom--a cool one, if her
 kids, Taylor and Kate, are to be believed--and in so doing recalls a radio ad
 that Whitman used to good effect when trying to revive a sagging campaign in
 1993.

            That ad had Kate talking of
 her mother as a role model. This one has both kids going the same route. Not
 only does Mom get the credit for instilling in him basic values--integrity and
 responsibility and honesty; the importance of keeping one's promises--but she
 also gets extra points for having taught by example. As important, perhaps, is
 that she has been a caring, fun companion, the glue that keeps the family
 "tight-knit."

            The opening frames show the
 Whitmans on a lush, picket-fenced green, making no apologies for what is
 obviously a life of privilege. A football is tossed--and almost missed--amid
 much laughter and camaraderie, reprising what is arguably one of the most
 memorable images of modern politics, that of the Kennedys playing touch
 football at Hyannisport. No matter that some folks have a bigger lawn, these
 images are meant to say: What matters is heart, the desire to do good. The idea
 that wealth is venial if pressed into public service is a harder sell for a
 Republican than it is for a Democrat (even FDR was lambasted as being a traitor
 to his class, remember?).
