
   
   
      
         
            Harry and Louise Go to Kyoto

            
               U.N. Map , produced
 by Goddard*Claussen/First Tuesday for the Global Climate Information
 Project.

            The ad agency that helped
 scuttle Clinton's health plan with the "Harry and Louise" spots is back with an
 attack on the global-warming treaty, which is scheduled to be signed next month
 in Kyoto, Japan. U.N. Map , produced by Goddard*Claussen/First Tuesday,
 is different in style from the "Harry and Louise" spots, but similar in
 fundamentals. Its message is simple and populist, and its visual elements
 linger in the viewer's mind long after the ad ends.

            The first shot is a
 graphic--"The World According to the U.N."--which exploits the national
 anti-U.N. suspicion that "good" Americans will always be outsmarted by "clever"
 foreigners. The isolationism that prevailed until 60 years ago was rooted
 in--and reinforced--that belief, and it has yet to fade. Why does the United
 Nations vote against us when we pay most of the bills?

            The graphic dissolves to a
 world map, and a hand appears to grasp a pair of scissors. The voice-over
 informs us that the United States is "preparing to sign" the global-warming
 treaty and the image warns us that there's a catch--or a cut. Just as campaign
 spots confer legitimacy to their charges by citing a source, this one quotes
 the United Nations as saying that 132 countries will be exempt from the treaty.
 The scissors snip China, India, Algeria, and Mexico out of the map to reinforce
 the point. The United States will be "forced to make drastic cuts in energy,"
 the spot says, while these other countries do nothing.

            Brazil--and later,
 Thailand--are clipped out for good measure. The free riders are all Asian,
 North African, or Latin American. Sub-Saharan African nations, which are also
 exempt from the emissions portions of the treaty, aren't singled out. One
 reason may be that the sponsors of the spot include the Black Chamber of
 Commerce.
