
   
   
      
         
            There Goes Chicago's Last Hope

            As Stephen
 Sondheim might have said, when you're a bitch, you're a bitch all the way. The
 great bitches of entertainment history understood this. They knew that
 bitchiness must be both extreme and extremely meaningful, or it just comes off
 as unpleasant. Nineteen-fifties noir diva Gloria Graham, an actress with a
 little-girl voice and bad-girl smarts, gave her quips an irresistible
 countercultural edge. Trash-mouthed Roseanne made everyone else look middlebrow
 by comparison. For the past two decades or so, All My Children's Susan
 Lucci has waged a scorched-earth campaign against small-town feminine niceness.
 The producers of Chicago Hope had on their hands a bitch of
 potentially equal greatness, Christine Lahti's Dr. Kate Austin, and they never
 let her achieve it. She never got to be more than wishy-washy, insecure, a good
 person who went wrong and apologized and would really be a lot nicer if she
 just got laid. A bitch without the courage of her
 convictions.

            If she was such a compromised
 character, why get upset about Lahti's not being asked back for the coming
 season? After all, Barbara Hershey and Lauren Holly, hired more or less to
 replace her, are powerful actresses. But you can't imagine either of them
 inspiring the following Lahti did--the cult of professional women who used to
 call each other up and rage at the crap Kate Austin had to take every week. To
 them, this must seem like the final betrayal. Austin was a brilliant,
 sharp-tongued, and of course, being a bitch, somewhat manipulative heart
 surgeon, but instead of enjoying the occasional triumph over her supercilious
 colleagues, she just had more bad stuff happen to her than maybe anyone else in
 nighttime soap history. Really bad stuff: Her father died. She lost her
 daughter in a custody battle with an evil, power-mad husband (her own fault, of
 course--she tried to tell the girl what to say in court). She kidnapped the
 girl, got arrested, was fired, and then, when rehired, was forced to endure the
 humiliation of being the best heart surgeon on staff with the least seniority.
