
   
   
      
         
            

            

               Yoknapatawpha TV
            

            This year
 marks the centennial of William Faulkner's birth and the Web release of some of
 his lost hack work. A graduate student at the University of Illinois at
 Springfield stumbled upon two teleplays by the Nobel Prize-winning
 author--Faulkner's only known forays into the genre--while researching his
 master's thesis, Yoknapatawpha 
               TV , at a Duke University archive.
 The teleplays, adaptations of undistinguished short stories by the author,
 aired in 1953 and 1954 on Lux Video Theatre , a dramatic series sponsored
 by the makers of Lux soap. To appease censors, Faulkner eliminated a suicide
 from The 
               Brooch , and to update the appeal of Shall Not
 Perish , he changed the setting from World War II to the Korean War. The
 first pages of both teleplays are available on the Web but, as a columnist in the Raleigh, N.C.,
 News & Observer remarked, "based on the response of critics,
 Faulkner might have wished these scripts had remained lost."

            
               Red,
 White, and Tawny
            

            It is
 commonly taught that Europeans invented the concept of race and color-coded the
 world's peoples. Not according to Nancy Shoemaker, an assistant professor of
 history at the University of Wisconsin at Eau-Claire. In the June issue
 of American Historical Review , she debunks the standard accounts of how
 the American Indians became "red." (Traditional explanations include European
 encounters with Indians wearing red paint, or else the creative labeling system
 of 18 th -century Swedish naturalist Carolus Linnaeus.) Shoemaker
 cites English and French diplomats' diaries and treaty records from the 1720s
 to argue that American Indian tribes came up with the label themselves. The
 transcript of a peace treaty between the Chickasaws and the Cherokees in 1726,
 for example, features the phrase "red people" only within speeches by Indian
 delegates.
