
  
  
    
      United Way (Picture) of Central Indiana 3901 N. Meridian St. P.O. Box
      88409 Indianapolis, IN 46208-0409
      Cecilia desperately searched for medical care for her unborn child.
      She would have a better chance of getting help and delivering a healthy
      baby if she lived in Sweden. But Cecilia lives in central Indiana.
      Cecilia might even be your neighbor.
      Dear:
      When I found out that the infant mortality rate in Indiana was 86
      percent greater than for mothers in Sweden, I was shocked.
      Later, my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than
      an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion
      County - a young, unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty
      obtaining prenatal care.
      Realizing the seriousness of the problem helped motivate me to join
      with individuals like you who have helped to prevent needless suffering
      in our community by contributing to United Way of Central Indiana.
      When a young, unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant, the risks
      to her unborn child are very serious. In Cecilia's case she had to face
      the situation with a limited education, no skills and no source of
      income. Would it surprise you to learn that less than two years away from
      the millennium, the problem of supplying prenatal care to young, single
      mothers is one of growing concern in our community?
      Of those beginning prenatal care in the first trimester, Indiana
      mothers rank in the lower third of individuals receiving such care
      nationwide. And that's just one significant example of community need.
      There are many other important areas where children, families, the
      elderly and disabled need our help.
      Having exhausted all of her options, Cecilia turned to her family
      priest where she found support and guidance. Cecilia was brought to a
      residential outreach maternity service funded by United Way of Central
      Indiana.
