
   
   
      
         
            The Middle Kingdom

            Topic A on the weekend talk
 shows was China, with Campaigngate coming in second and the Microsoft tussle
 with the Justice Department a distant third.

            On China,
 Morton Kondracke of The McLaughlin Group staked the center ground as
 usual. We should "engage" the Chinese, he said, but we should also "criticize
 them." The weight of pundit opinion may have tilted ever so slightly toward the
 "criticize" part of this elegant formula. Pat Buchanan appeared on both CNN's
 Late Edition and Fox News Sunday to advocate punishing China for
 its human-rights violations, high trade barriers, and arms sales to rogue
 nations such as Iran. This Week panelist Bill Kristol said the White
 House needs to "stand up for American principles" instead of "kowtowing" to the
 visiting Chinese leader. Even George Stephanopoulos dissed his former boss a
 bit. The United States "has gone too far to roll out the carpet." The Chinese
 "are playing us like a fiddle," he said.

            But establishment heavies weighed in strongly enough to
 tilt the overall Sunday balance back toward "engage." Lawrence Eagleburger
 ( Late Edition ) and Henry Kissinger ( Fox News Sunday ) said that
 the United States should stay the successful course. Late Edition 's Tony
 Blankley declared that the China issue is a debate between "activists" and
 "experts," making clear he prefers the experts. "Most experts recognize that
 there is a relatively small zone of policy dispute," he said.

            The latest Campaigngate angle
 got chewed over with the revelation that the White House had leaned on
 Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt to benefit one set of Indians over
 another regarding permission to build a(nother) gambling casino. Consensus:
 This is a big deal, definitely special-prosecutor material. On Fox News
 Sunday , Brit Hume predicted that the Democrats' "everybody does it" spin
 will be unspun by Bob Dole, who just volunteered to appear before the Thompson
 committee, challenging Clinton to do the same.
