
   
   
      
         
            Telling the Hearings to Shut Up

            Wall Street came in third,
 surprisingly, on the weekend talk shows, which dwelt primarily on Campaigngate
 and China--the same topics they chewed over last week. Why? Oh, partly because
 the stock market was a Monday-Tuesday story--a mountain that, from the
 foreshortened perspective of TV producers, loomed smaller at week's end than
 nearby hills; and partly because the Washington commentariat will always prefer
 political stories to financial ones (perhaps sensing that their views on the
 latter are especially baseless). Also, TV producers--even of talk shows--prefer
 stories with good visuals (such as Jiang Zemin in a colonial hat). How often
 can you play tape of that damned bell at the New York Stock Exchange?

            
 Congressional hearings delight the commentariat as a reliable source of grist,
 and the pundits did not care for Sen. Fred Thompson's announcement that his
 campaign-finance investigation is closing shop. Both conservative Brit Hume
 ( Fox News Sunday ) and liberal Clarence Page (ABC's This Week )
 berated Thompson for failing to put a better "focus" on the hearings. Thompson
 himself insisted on CNN's Late Edition that his hearings had revealed a
 "pattern of illegal foreign money" as well as "money laundering." But Hume
 delivered the consensus line that Thompson had doomed the hearings from the
 get-go with his overly ambitious opening argument that the Chinese government
 had engaged in a "broad-based conspiracy" to buy the 1996 presidential
 election.

            Democrats like Sen. Tom Daschle, appearing on NBC's Meet
 the Press , found the hearings insufficiently bipartisan. NewsHour With
 Jim Lehrer 's Paul Gigot said Republicans had shuttered the hearings because
 Thompson was "too bipartisan." Having portrayed Thompson as a political
 incompetent, the pundits weren't completely ungrateful. They lauded him for
 presenting a "picture" of (Gloria Borger on Face the Nation ) and a
 "window" on (Tom Oliphant on NewsHour and Juan Williams on Fox News
 Sunday ) standard-issue Washington corruption.
