
   
   
      
         
            Flowers of Banality

            Poinsettias took Issue 1
 honors as Fox News Sunday , NBC's Meet the Press , CBS's Face
 the Nation , CNN's Late Edition , ABC's This Week , and The
 McLaughlin Group displayed festive Euphorbia pulcherrima on their
 sets. None of the pundits spoke about the flowers, which are members of the
 spurge family and native to Mexico and Central America. The flowers spoke for
 themselves.

            Attempts
 to elevate the International Monetary Fund's $55-billion (and climbing) bailout
 of South Korea to Issue 2 fizzled despite the attempts of three shows-- Fox
 News Sunday , NewsHour With Jim Lehrer , and This Week-- to put
 it there. 
                  Slate
                columnist Paul Krugman cemented the consensus
 opinion that the known risk of lending the Koreans billions was far less scary
 than the unknown risk of doing nothing ( This Week ).

            Besides flowers, the main theme of the weekend gabfests was
 the Year in Review. The pundits happily recycled their hoariest 1997 sound
 bites in a road-rage rampage of drive-by analysis. Their quick and dirty
 targets: the balanced budget; the booming economy; the campaign-finance
 scandal; the death of Diana, Princess of Wales; the stock market; Ellen ;
 race; sex in the military; Asia's economic meltdown; China; Tony Blair; Bosnia;
 Iraq; the menace of the tabloid press; Bill Clinton's good luck; Al Gore's
 rotten luck; porn on the Internet; Microsoft; Dolly. The more formulaic shows
 (CNN's Capital Gang , The McLaughlin Group , Fox News
 Sunday ) offered predictions for 1998 and "awards" (Worst Politician,
 Biggest Loser, Brightest New Face) to disguise their lack of enterprise, while
 the more somber programs dodged hard work with toasts to their last 50 years
 ( Meet the Press ), their last 30 years ( Washington Week in
 Review ), and their last year ( Face the Nation ).

            Issue 3
 was the public's growing disdain for Washington and politics. As in previous
 weeks, the two leading conservative commentarians celebrated political apathy
 as an indication of "national health" (George Will, This Week ) and "a
 sign of contentment and success of a society" (Charles Krauthammer, Inside
 Washington ).
