
   
   
      
         
            The Sweet Problem of Success

             

            The pundits made the budget
 surplus Issue 1. Liberals said Washington should spend it and conservatives
 said it should be given back to the taxpayers. E.J. Dionne's proposal on NBC's
 Meet the Press that the surplus could engender a "substantive" political
 debate about "what we want government to do" was truncheoned by fellow panelist
 Robert Novak. Surpluses always lead to talk of "tax cuts or higher spending,"
 said Novak, with spending inevitably winning. David Broder ( Meet the
 Press ) criticized the "element of fantasy" in the spend-it-or-give-it-back
 discussion given the unfunded Social Security and Medicare liabilities looming
 early in the next century. On Fox News Sunday , Sen. Joe Biden, D-Del.,
 seconded Broder: The surplus allows us to "set the system straight 30 years
 out" with "no political costs" to Democrats or Republicans who resist the calls
 for increased spending and tax cuts.

            "Isn't it
 nice," said a radiant Bob Schieffer (CBS's Face the Nation ), that the
 weekend's biggest problem was how to handle the extraordinary good news of a
 budget surplus? Not nice at all, said the Five Big Thinkers on PBS's
 NewsHour With Jim Lehrer (Michael Beschloss, Doris Kearns Goodwin,
 Haynes Johnson, Roger Rosenblatt, and Richard Rodriguez). The Big Thinkers
 found only the dark lining in our silver cloud. Future generations will judge
 us, said Beschloss, on how we used "this tranquil moment" to address our
 problems. Goodwin said that as long as the public's hunger for a national
 purpose and community goes unfed by Washington, they will turn to tabloid
 tales--Diana's death, the nanny case, the murder of Gianni Versace--for meaning
 and civic involvement.

            Embracing this theme, Dionne instructed President Clinton
 to "stop all this public pondering" over his "legacy" and actually harness our
 current good fortune to some glowing idea. But the liberal commentarians
 themselves had little to offer in the way of imaginative suggestions, falling
 back on the usual ideas about expanding the federal role in education,
 rebuilding the infrastructure, and providing health care to the uninsured.
