
   
   
      
         
            The Devil and Mrs. Jones

             

            Questions about the
 president's sex life won Issue 1 nods on all the shows. If not for the return
 of Iraq to the news, the spacefaring John Glenn and newsmaking Fidel Castro
 would have given the weekend the feel of a Kennedy administration
 retrospective.

            Paula
 Jones' lawyers swarmed the networks, struggling in vain to make their case
 despite a judicial gag order. Their plaintiff is "upbeat" (ABC's This Week
 With Sam and Cokie ) and "the rule of law is alive and well" (CBS's Face
 the Nation ). With the president's men falling silent (a deliberate
 strategy, said George Stephanopoulos on This Week ), the liberal pundits
 made the case against Jones: She has become a "pitiful pawn" (Al Hunt, CNN's
 Capital Gang ) of the wacko right, who are "making hay" (Steve Roberts,
 CNN's Late Edition ) and "diminishing the presidency" (Mark Shields,
 NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) by dredging up Clinton's dirty laundry.

            The conservatives predicted that this episode, too, would
 roll off Clinton's back (Robert Novak, Capital Gang ), as the president
 is now "beyond humiliation" (Charles Krauthammer, Inside Washington ).
 The smart money insisted that the case would end with a trial and not in a
 settlement. When Bill Kristol ( This Week ) referred to Matt Drudge's
 unsubstantiated weekend report that Newsweek spiked a story about
 Clinton having an affair with a White House intern, co-host Sam Donaldson
 barked at him. Maybe Newsweek killed the story because they didn't have
 the goods, Donaldson bellowed.

            The
 commentariat returned once more to Issue 2, the Iraq crisis, with Sen. John
 McCain, R-Ariz. ( Face the Nation ), comparing the situation to "the movie
 Groundhog Day : We wake up every morning and Saddam is sticking his thumb
 in our eye." After weeks of playing devil's advocate for Hussein, John
 McLaughlin ( The McLaughlin Group ) finally threw in completely with the
 dictator, endorsing Iraq's claim that Scott Ritter, the chief U.
