
   
   
      
         
            Not a Matter of Whether But of When

             

            As unchecked leads flowed
 from unnamed sources, the TV pundits played judge on Friday, jury on Saturday,
 but shied away from playing executioner on Sunday morning. Only Juan Williams
 ( Fox News Sunday ) seemed rattled by the pundits' collective vehemence,
 calling their swarming an "electronic lynching."

            On
 Friday, the talking heads on PBS reigned somber and sincere. Paul Gigot
 ( NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) camouflaged his glee by saying that the
 scandal was now in Monica Lewinsky's hands. Mark Shields ( NewsHour ) was
 the first of many weekend warriors to repeat the stock formula about how the
 voters had made this deal with Clinton in 1992: He would curb his sexual
 desires while in the White House. If he had violated that deal by having sex
 with Lewinsky, Shields recited, the voters would hold him accountable. The
 Washington Week in Review (PBS) panel lashed Clinton for returning to
 form by giving "lawyerly, hair-splitting answers" to straightforward questions
 when what the nation wanted was his outraged denial (Mara Liasson). Meanwhile,
 Michael Duffy measured the evidence against Clinton and doubted that the
 independent counsel could prove obstruction of justice.

            By Saturday, the pundits were smelling smoke but decided
 that the press still hadn't "found the fire" (Evan Thomas, Inside
 Washington ). Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington ) sensed an
 element of "Greek tragedy" to the story, although he didn't specify whether he
 was referring to Oedipus Rex or Antigone . Thomas and Jack Germond
 found it easier to cast aspersions on Clinton's partner in ... golf, Vernon
 Jordan, than on Clinton himself, demanding to know why the Washington fixer
 helped Lewinsky in her job search and to find an attorney. Nina Totenberg
 joined Liasson in hollering for the president just to tell the truth.

            Morton
 Kondracke ( The McLaughlin Group ) made it official: This crisis, he
 declared, is the biggest to hit Washington "since Watergate.
