
   
   
      
         
            Sid Vicious and the Sex Pistol

             

            
 Pundit-turned-presidential-spinner Sidney Blumenthal, who testified before
 Kenneth Starr's grand jury, is Issue 1. Calling the Blumenthal subpoena
 prosecutorial overkill, the commentariat diagnoses Starr as having a chronic
 case of political "tin ear," and gives the week to President Clinton.

            Paul
 Gigot (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) says that the Blumenthal subpoena
 achieved the near impossible by making "Sid Vicious" a sympathetic character,
 adding, "you can't investigate the press" and hope to come out on top.
 "Absolutely stupid," agrees Robert Novak (CNN's Capital Gang ). Starr
 "played right into the White House strategy" by calling Blumenthal, says
 Michael Duffy (PBS's Washington Week in Review ), making the independent
 counsel the issue instead of the Sex Pistol in Chief.

            On Fox News Sunday , Juan Williams and Fred Barnes
 accuse Clinton of subverting the Starr investigation, but their pro-prosecutor
 flyer plummets when fellow guest Rush Limbaugh agrees with them. (Pundit
 Central to Limbaugh: Read your McLuhan. TV is cooler than radio. Tone it down a
 tad, or at least bring a froth cup when you appear before cameras.) Former
 Attorney General Dick Thornburgh (CNN's Late Edition ) defends Starr's
 tin ear for politics as precisely what you want in a prosecutor. Yet even
 Thornburgh acknowledges that Starr is "overmatched" in his duel. He doesn't
 understand the game, and the law prohibits him from fighting back in
 public.

            Pat
 Buchanan ( The McLaughlin Group ) takes the long view of the
 investigation. Starr has placed the president in "a very serious box," Buchanan
 says, where he is vulnerable to charges of perjury, suborning of perjury, and
 obstruction of justice. Meanwhile, the pundits scoff at the trial balloon
 reported on the CBS Evening News Friday night and semisourced to the
 White House: Clinton and Lewinsky only played kissy face.

            
 Michael Gordon ( Washington Week in
 Review ) calls Kofi Annan's deal with Saddam Hussein--Issue 2--more a "truce
 than a final settlement.
