
   
   
      
         
            Lady or a Tramp?

             

            The commentariat cleaves the
 Clinton Scandals into three issues this week: 1) the mud-storm surrounding
 Kathleen Willey; 2) Congress' readiness to receive Kenneth Starr's report; and
 3) Robert Bennett's about-face on publicizing Paula Jones' amorous life.

            There are
 almost as many opinions on Issue 1 as there are pundits. Jack Germond
 ( Inside Washington ) defines the pro-Willey end of the spectrum. Noting
 Willey's initial reluctance to testify, Germond dismisses talk of impure
 motives as the White House "trying to throw sand in our eyes."
 Middle-of-the-roaders Evan Thomas ( Inside Washington ) and Al Hunt (CNN's
 Capital Gang ) agree that Willey's story remains convincing but see some
 truth in anti-Willeyism: There "are no clean test-tubes" in this scandal, says
 Thomas. At the other extreme, The McLaughlin Group 's two libs (Morton
 Kondracke and Eleanor Clift) make quite a show of pitching tent in the
 anti-Willey camp. Willey's credibility has been destroyed; the questions about
 her motives have been devastating, they maintain.

            Most pundits follow Ellen Goodman (CNN's Late
 Edition ) in excusing the White House's anti-Willey smear campaign as
 "inevitable" while characterizing it as far from "appealing." George Will
 (ABC's This Week ) and Charles Krauthammer ( Inside Washington )
 share outrage over the White House's eagerness to release Willey-related
 correspondence while failing to answer scores of Lewinsky-related queries
 (remember her?). Clift contends that there has been no character assassination
 by the White House, only the release of facts. Krauthammer detects class bias
 in the sympathy for Willey evinced by the same feminists who refused to rally
 around Jones.

            Issue 2--the Hill's hunger
 for the Starr report--finds all agreeing that the Republicans must avoid
 looking cheap or nasty. Henry Hyde, the widely respected head of the Judiciary
 Committee, is the Republicans' "ace in the hole," says Mark Shields (PBS's
 NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ).
