
   
   
      
         
            The Bill Gates Kool-Aid Test
            

            Dear Kara,

            Sorry to get such a late start today. I find when I'm starting out on a new
 story--as has been the case the last couple of days--I have a hard time even
 reading the newspapers, much less absorbing the information contained within.
 I'm too preoccupied, too panicked. I always feel as though I'm starting way too
 late, and I'll never be able to pull it off, and that this will be the story
 that finally exposes me for the fraud that I really am. My wife thinks this is
 an utterly absurd way to go through life, for which I can offer no defense but
 a helpless shrug. I used to think that I would get over this feeling; now I
 know better.

            Anyway ... I did want to pick up on two threads from your message this
 morning. First, on the question of Bill Gates, it strikes me as completely
 unarguable that his "living icon" status has been a tremendous asset to
 Microsoft--or at least it did until the antitrust trial began. First, he's a
 founder who is much more a businessman than a technologist--he doesn't like to
 hear that, but it's true--so he gets to command the respect that founders
 command within companies, while also having the set of skills, rarely seen in
 founders, that are required to manage very big companies. It helps--a lot--that
 his employees will follow him over a cliff. The classic example was when he
 woke up one day and decided that Microsoft needed to devote all its energies to
 the Internet. The entire company had to shift on a dime and promising projects,
 which people had devoted years to, were scrapped because they didn't relate to
 the Internet. At a typical big company, there would have been enormous
 resistance. But at Microsoft, there wasn't so much as a whisper of complaint.
 Everybody simply got with the program, because, by God, that's what Bill
 wanted. Competitors like to say that Microsoft employees "take the Kool-Aid,"
 but they probably all wish they had at least a little of that Kool-Aid
 themselves.
