
   
   
      
         
            Dear Africa, Sorry! Love, Bill

             

            
               GET
 PUNDIT CENTRAL BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Monday morning
 delivery of Pundit Central, plus "Today's Papers" (daily) and "International
 Papers" (Tuesday and Friday), click here.
            

            President Clinton's
 apology-strewn tour of Africa is Issue 1: He's sorry about slavery; he's sorry
 about the Rwanda massacre. And the schoolyard murder in Jonesboro, Ark., Issue
 2, bumps the president's sex scandal to Issue 3.

            Deborah
 Mathis, Jack Germond, Nina Totenberg ( Inside Washington ), and Brit Hume
 ( Fox News Sunday ) detect hollowness in Clinton's teary expiation for
 international silence on Rwanda. The White House was aware of the genocide,
 says Hume, and there is no indication that it would act differently today.
 Perhaps the apology tour was Clinton's way of manufacturing "moral parity" with
 the great Nelson Mandela, muses Hume.

            The right-wing pundits are incensed by the "most expansive
 and extensive groveling and pandering" ever exhibited by a U.S. president (Pat
 Buchanan, The McLaughlin Group ). Noting that the Sudanese routinely sell
 children into slavery, Buchanan sees no need to offer apologies to "those
 people over there." Robert Novak (CNN's Capital Gang ) is appalled at the
 "contrition mission," finding Clinton's slavery apologies logically flawed in
 light of the many prominent "African-Americans in government, in business, in
 athletics, in show business," who would not be Americans without the slave
 trade. Capital Gang sters Margaret Carlson and Al Hunt--both appalled by
 Novak--are joined by E.J. Dionne (NBC's Meet the Press ) in arguing that,
 in fact, slavery is wrong, ergo it's fine for a president to say
 so.

            A mudslide
 of pundits construes the Africa Tour as political homage to black voters in the
 United States, a cornerstone of Clinton's electoral base. But that doesn't open
 Clinton to charges of pandering, notes Mark Shields (PBS's NewsHour With Jim
 Lehrer ), because politicians of all stripes--from Ronald Reagan to mayors
 of New York--routinely visit the Three I's (Ireland, Israel, and Italy) to
 mollify supporters.
