
   
   
      
         
            China Pattern

             

            
               GET
 "PUNDIT CENTRAL" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Monday morning
 delivery of Pundit Central, plus "Today's Papers" (daily) and "International
 Papers" (Tuesday and Friday), click here.
            

            The weekend belongs to Bill
 Clinton. Issue 1: Allegations that Chinese and corporate campaign donations to
 Clinton and the Democrats compromised U.S. security. Issue 2: The court's
 rejection of Clinton's executive privilege claim for Secret Service guards. The
 crumbling tobacco deal places a distant third.

            "It's
 serious," says Mark Shields (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) of the
 prima facie evidence of a Chinese- and corporate-quid for an American
 satellite-technology transfer quo. The commentariat agrees. "What was the
 national security damage?" asks Paul Gigot ( NewsHour ). The pundits chew
 on the question, but nobody can connect the dots of satellite waivers, know-how
 leaks, and campaign donations, says Margaret Carlson (CNN's Capital
 Gang ).

            Only Pat Buchanan ( The McLaughlin Group ) and William
 Safire (NBC's Meet the Press ) discern a distinct pattern of
 play-for-pay. Safire expresses "no doubt" that the Chinese influenced U.S.
 policy with their money. ("Am I glad we're off the sex topic," Safire adds.)
 Bill Kristol (ABC's This Week ) finds watershed significance in the fact
 that Hill Democrats deserted Clinton in the vote on future satellite waivers.
 The China connection is "driving a wedge" between Democrats and Clinton,
 Kristol says, and the Hill vote foreshadows future defections from Team
 Clinton.

            Tempering
 the hard line are Susan Page and Steve Roberts (CNN's Late Edition ), who
 say corporate soft money--not foreign money--is the real problem. Doris Kearns
 Goodwin ( Meet the Press ) further puddles the issue, insisting the "whole
 system has become corrupted." Other pundits downplay the accusations of treason
 and malfeasance, noting that Republican presidents were the first to enlist
 Chinese assistance in launching U.
