
   
   
      
         
            Beijing or Bust

             

            
               GET
 "PUNDIT CENTRAL" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Monday morning
 delivery of Pundit Central, plus "Today's Papers" (daily) and "International
 Papers" (Tuesday and Friday), click here.
            

            The death of the tobacco
 bill and Clinton's upcoming visit to China vie for the Issue 1 berth. Steve
 Brill is Issue 3. A raft of unfocused speculation about Monica Lewinsky's next
 move is Issue 4.

            All the pundits save John
 McLaughlin ( The McLaughlin Group ) agree Clinton should use his China
 tour to publicly spank the Chinese for human rights abuses. (McLaughlin thinks
 "Asiatic" leaders ought to be chided behind closed doors.) Eleanor Clift
 ( The McLaughlin Group ) believes Clinton needs to flatter his hosts as
 well as confront them--she terms it "a delicate dance."

            Steve
 Roberts (CNN's Late Edition ) worries Clinton will "wimp out." Clift
 points out that Clinton made critical comments during Jiang Zemin's recent
 visit to the United States and predicts he will toe the same line in China. All
 the hot air expended on China disproves the idea that Americans don't care
 about foreign policy, notes a grinning John Harris (PBS's Washington Week in
 Review ).

            The anti-tobacco bill is dead because Big Tobacco bought
 the Republican senators, charges Margaret Carlson (CNN's Capital Gang ).
 True enough, agrees Al Hunt, but let's not forget that the trial lawyers bought
 the Democrats. Paul Gigot (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) disagrees,
 citing a WSJ/NBC poll taken before the industry's ad campaign that indicates
 people viewed the bill primarily as a revenue-raising instrument. Big Tobacco
 didn't kill the bill, argues Gigot, the bill killed itself.

            Gigot and
 Mark Shields ( NewsHour ) agree that the big loser in the tobacco bill's
 death is Bill Clinton. It was his chance to put something in the history books,
 says Shields.
