
   
   
      
         
            Tripp to China

             

            
               GET
 "PUNDIT CENTRAL" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Monday morning
 delivery of Pundit Central, plus "Today's Papers" (daily) and "International
 Papers" (Tuesday and Friday), click here.
            

            Issue 1 is the Chinese
 telecast of President Clinton's sharp comments to Jiang Zemin. Sometimes
 gleefully, sometimes grudgingly, the commentariat pronounces Saturday's
 telecast an important victory for the United States and Clinton. This week's
 obligatory opining on Issue 2-- l'affaire Lewinsky --centers on the
 upcoming grand jury testimony of Linda Tripp.

            Just in
 time for the Sunday shows, Clinton criticized the crackdown in Tiananmen and
 China's general approach to human rights. The televised criticism will have a
 long-lasting effect, believes Sam Donaldson (ABC's This Week ): "You let
 a little freedom get started, you can't stop it." "Great stuff," agrees Brit
 Hume ( Fox News Sunday ). Robert Novak (CNN's Capital Gang ) is
 "very proud of the president," though he believes China's evolution into a free
 state will not be sped by lectures.

            Many pundits note that at the outset the trip smelled like
 a public relations disaster (China refused visas to Radio Free Asia
 correspondents and arrested several Chinese dissidents). Steve Roberts (CNN's
 Late Edition ) called it "sticking a finger in the president's eye."
 Nevertheless, the televised debate "redeemed" Clinton in the eyes of Mara
 Liasson ( Fox News Sunday ). But a few critical voices point out that the
 decision to broadcast the debate was Jiang's, not Clinton's--further evidence
 that Clinton is Jiang's stooge (Cokie Roberts and George Stephanopoulus,
 This Week ; Hume; Steve Roberts).

            The
 Republican-Democrat role reversal on China policy amazes Steve Roberts--the GOP
 talks about human rights while Dems defend business interests. "It's actually
 enough to make your head spin," agrees Tucker Carlson ( Late Edition ).
