
   
   
      
         
            

            
               This is a new feature,
 which, beginning next week, will appear in Slate twice a week.
            

            U.S. Vice President Al
 Gore's speech to the world summit on climate in Kyoto, Japan, received an
 almost universal thumbs-down, especially in Europe. "Gore disappoints the
 world" was the headline in Germany's Die Welt, and almost the same headline was used by Spain's
 El País. Le Monde in Paris spoke of "great
 disappointment" and "a wave of frustration" and said that Gore might even have
 caused the summit to fail. In its host country, Japan, Asahi Shimbun
 was more polite, but still referred to his speech as "ambiguous." The worldwide
 consensus was that the poor jet-lagged VP, whose arrival in Kyoto had been
 awaited with such excitement, had signally failed to deliver a breakthrough in
 the stalled negotiations because of political pressures at home.

            But the world summit
 commanded relatively little attention in the press outside Europe and the Far
 East. In India the Asian
 Age didn't mention it at all, being more interested in the nation's prowess
 in beauty contests. The new Indian Miss World, Diana Hayden, in London on a
 "tour of glory," was "not the only Indian woman this year to stun planet
 Earth," it said, for India had also provided first runners-up at the Miss
 International and Miss Asia-Pacific contests. The Age of Melbourne was quietly
 pleased, as were other Australian newspapers, about a special gas-emissions
 deal being offered to its country in Kyoto, but paid more attention to a
 Canberra Senate ruling that transsexuals should be allowed to compete in sports
 competitions, raising the question of whether they should do so as women or be
 put in a category of their own.

            In Milan the Corriere
 della Sera reported on a visit by Italy's Communist Party leader, Armando
 Cossuta, to New York, where he had "fallen in love" with Sharon Stone when he
 met her by accident in the Harry Cipriani restaurant on Fifth Avenue.
