
   
   
      
         
            

            The International Herald
 Tribune, in a front-page article from Singapore by Michael
 Richardson, reported that the fierce austerity programs being demanded of
 Asian countries by the International Monetary Fund "could ignite virulent
 anti-Americanism" and "create dangerous instability in Asia." But it was Asian
 leaders, not the Americans, who seemed for the moment to be taking the
 strain.

            The
 South China Morning Post
 talked of "unprecedented diplomatic pressure" being imposed on the increasingly
 insecure President Suharto of Indonesia, who, it said, was awaiting further
 frantic, bossy telephone calls (following those he had already received from
 President Clinton and Prime Minister John Howard of Australia) from Japanese
 Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl. The
 Guardian of London
 devoted its editorial Monday to demanding Suharto's resignation.

            The main
 editorial of the Manila Times was devoted, on the other hand, to congratulating
 the president of the Philippines, Fidel V. Ramos, for canceling a planned trip
 to Switzerland and Belgium. But the congratulations contained more than a hint
 of sarcasm. The trip would have been his 34 th abroad during his 67
 months in office, the newspaper said; and "[o]n every trip, the President--with
 the First Lady on occasion--brings with him at least a hundred official,
 security and personal staff, as befits the powers and responsibilities of his
 office."

            That was
 not counting the inevitable "business delegation" composed of representatives
 of government-owned financial institutions and companies, the Manila
 Times added, pointing out that "every single presidential aide or factotum
 gets $2,000 in allowance for a trip," meaning "$200,000 going down the drain
 for allowances alone," on top of which there were the air fares, hotel bills,
 rented cars and communications equipment, phone bills, "etcetera."

            
 "He [the president] might have thought .
