
   
   
      
         
            

            Even the newspapers of the
 French and German intellectual establishments--Le Monde and Frankfurter Allgemeine--faced up Friday to the fact that
 President Clinton could be in real trouble, and allowed the Monica Lewinsky
 scandal onto their austere, photograph-free front pages. Under the headline
 "Clinton in Need," printed in small Gothic script, the German paper said in an
 editorial that the scandal had the makings of an American nightmare that could
 do as much damage as Watergate.

            In Le
 Monde columnist Pierre Georges said, with Gallic hauteur, that it was
 "extraordinary" that the greatest democracy in the world should permit itself
 the luxury (via Paula Jones) of "a universal media course on the president's
 anatomy." He added: "One can't altogether rule out that these young women may
 be showing off or lying. For women, too, can sometimes lie."

            An editorial in the liberal Paris newspaper Libération said that, "as
 usual, lots of French people will guffaw over all this fuss about a few
 indiscretions." But it said the French should understand that the scandal was
 not about sex, but about truth. "We can trust American freedom of
 expression--and the First Amendment which supports it--to ensure that we are
 not spared any detail, whether spicy or not, of the relations between Bill and
 Monica," it added. "Let's laugh, if we want to, or let's wax indignant; but let
 us not forget to understand."

            In a
 front-page comment in Milan's Corriere della Sera, columnist Ennio
 Caretto spoke up for Clinton's presidential record, saying he had corrected
 the capitalist excesses of Reaganism and that, although he stood accused of
 betraying the liberal traditions of the Democrats, he had at least--by moving
 to the center--kept the Right in Congress at bay. "His suspected relationship
 with Monica Lewinsky may generate sarcasm and evoke comparisons with that
 between Lolita and Humbert, but nothing can take away from his success,"
 Caretto added.
