
   
   
      
         
            

            The Netherlander reports
 that former Dutch central bank director and monetary expert Andre Szasz is
 gravely concerned about the success of the Economic and Monetary Union. Szasz
 worries that standards for entry into the union will soon be diluted and that
 Italy's admission could cause "major problems": "If that country is permitted
 to join, it will be on the basis of what they say they are going to do, not on
 what has been achieved."

            The
 Zimbabwe Standard says
 700 Zimbabweans die of AIDS every week, and 20 percent of the sexually active
 population is HIV positive. Zimbabwe's minister of health and child welfare
 also notes two sad trends: 1) Discrimination against AIDS sufferers has
 overtaken discrimination on the basis of race and tribe and 2) "Most people
 want to pretend [AIDS] is a black disease, but the white community is equally
 affected, they just have more money to keep it hidden for a longer time than
 their black counterparts."

            An editorial in the Vancouver Sun supports the immigration curbs recently
 suggested by the Reform Party (a group, the piece notes, that is often accused
 of racism and extremism). Among the proposals: Tie immigration levels to the
 unemployment rate--when more jobs are open, more immigrants can be let in; give
 higher priority to the "independent" class of immigrants (those with necessary
 job skills); crack down on family sponsorship of immigrants, limiting it to
 immediate family members; and cut down on fraudulent claims of refugee
 status.

            The
 St. Petersburg Times of
 Russia identifies a bizarre coalition forming in reaction to burial
 plans for Nicholas II, the last czar. The remains of the czar and his family
 are set to be formally buried, with an official ceremony, July 17 in St.
 Petersburg. Vehemently protesting the burial are, on one side, monarchists (who
 severely doubt the authenticity of the remains) and, on the other side, radical
 Communists (who claim the Kremlin is "reviving the ghost of tsarism--because
 those in power have nothing to rely on").
