
   
   
      
         
            Clinton Does Africa

            In Paris Sunday, Le Monde said President Clinton
 would leave Africa with the message that the "new Africa" is not willing to be
 bossed around. Highlighting South African President Nelson Mandela's public
 criticisms of the United States, which it said were a break with "the treatment
 usually reserved for the president of the world's greatest power," the
 newspaper said in its editorial that Mandela had confirmed that Africa's new
 leaders were not totally manipulable and controllable people. "This message
 will have to be listened to by the US and by every other power," the editorial
 concluded. "The 'new Africa' is not under orders; it will grow up by rejecting
 tutelage."

            In
 Canada, the Toronto Star
 praised President Clinton and Pope John Paul II for the support they had given
 to African democratic reformers during their visits to the continent, but
 called for a change in Western attitudes toward Africa. In an editorial Monday, it criticized Canada and the United States for
 paring down foreign aid at a time when poverty was growing in the sub-Saharan
 region. It said Northern markets were often closed to African goods, and
 investment in Africa was frequently skewed to benefit the few at the expense of
 the many. "These are attitudes and practices that must change, if we want the
 peoples of Africa to regard us as partners, not hypocrites," it concluded.

            The Daily Nation of Nairobi, Kenya, published a reader's letter saying that President Clinton's apology for
 slavery was "too late" and "only rubs salt into wounds." It demanded
 reparations, although "[n]o amount of compensation will reverse the historical
 injustice by the West." Another letter in the same newspaper said Clinton
 deserved "a pat on the back" for his visit to Africa, which, it explained,
 ought to help "refocus world opinion, and especially that of corporate America,
 on Africa as a paradise for investment."

            The
 independent Post
 Express of Nigeria said in an editorial that the "international symbolism" of the
 American presidency had never been greater than today.
