
   
   
      
         
            Hearing Impaired

            The Senate's political fundraising hearings continue to play big. The
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with the report that at the hearings, "the
 Democratic Party's former finance director [Richard Sullivan] testifies that
 top Clinton aides helped install the central figure in the controversy, John
 Huang, as a top party fundraiser; Clinton, attending a NATO summit in Madrid,
 Spain, acknowledges that he may have helped play a role in Huang's hiring." The
 Wall Street Journal puts this same story at the top
 of its "World-Wide" news column. The New York Times
 also leads with the hearings, but prefers to stress that members of the
 investigating committee have learned that Attorney General Janet Reno is
 opposed to giving Huang immunity from prosecution. But there is a little
 variety today: USA Today leads with a likely change in airline security
 procedures, and the Washington Post goes with a likely change in the TV rating
 system.

            The NYT 's hearing coverage has Sullivan giving the following
 testimony about a memo apparently describing a schedule of fund-raising coffees
 at the White House, even though these are barred by law from being conducted on
 federal property: "Senator, the coffees helped us with our fund-raising. I was
 the fund-raising director. But they were not fund-raisers. They were not
 fund-raisers." Instead, Sullivan explained, the "coffees were a tool in helping
 us motivate and energize the people that we needed to motivate and energize to
 help us raise the $130 million that we wanted to raise."

            
               USAT , the NYT , the WP , and the LAT each give
 above-the-fold coverage to yesterday's decision by Nevada boxing authorities to
 fine Mike Tyson nearly $3 million and to revoke his boxing license for at least
 one year as punishment for biting Evander Holyfield on both ears during their
 championship fight last week. The papers indulge in much speculation about
 whether or not this means the end of Tyson's career.
