
   
   
      
         
            Funny Money

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and Friday
 morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily), "Pundit
 Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning), click
 here.
            

            "The euro is born. Long live
 the euro!" declared Le
 Monde Tuesday, celebrating the birth in Brussels over the weekend of the
 single European currency. The Paris newspaper led its front page with the
 headline "Euro: outrage in Germany," referring to the "violent
 attacks" in the German press against the compromise agreed between Germany and
 France over the presidency of the new European Central Bank, which will manage
 the euro. Dutch central banker Wim Duisenberg, the candidate supported by all
 European Union members except France, will "voluntarily" serve only half of his
 statutory eight year term and will then be replaced by the governor of the Bank
 of France, Jean-Claude Trichet.

            This
 compromise, held by many critics to be in contravention of the terms in the
 Maastricht Treaty for establishing the single currency, was described in the
 Frankfurter Allgemeine
 Zeitung as "a shadow over monetary union" and in the German business
 newspaper Handelsblatt as horse-trading that would encourage the
 Euroskeptics in Germany. The popular Bild Zeitung called the birth of the euro in these circumstances
 "a forceps delivery."

            But like the German newspaper Die Welt, which titled its editorial "An Historic Day,"
 Le Monde said the compromise shouldn't overshadow history. "Never mind
 that it has humiliated the man without whom the euro wouldn't have seen the
 light of day, Chancellor Helmut Kohl." "Never mind that it has shaken one of
 the last great European leaders ... that it has given arguments to his social
 democrat opponents only a few months from the September elections. ... That's
 everyday Europe.
