
   
   
      
         
            Stitching Things Up

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and Friday
 morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily), "Pundit
 Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning), click
 here.
            

            In an interview with the
 Financial Times of London,
 Madeleine Albright said Thursday she had run out of metaphors to describe the
 state of the Middle East peace process. But this did not prevent her from
 saying of the 1993 Oslo accords, "Instead of glue, it's been sandpaper." She
 seemed to be siding with Yasser Arafat against Benjamin Netanyahu when she said
 1) the Palestinian Authority chief had done his best to improve security for
 Israelis against Palestinian terrorism ("We have stated over and over again
 that 100 percent effort [by Arafat's police] may not always bring 100 percent
 effect") and 2) Netanyahu, despite admitted political difficulties at home, was
 "in a pretty strong position in his cabinet." But when asked if the United
 States was finally putting pressure on Israel, Albright replied, "It's not our
 policy."

            The
 merger between Chrysler and Germany's Daimler-Benz led the front page of the
 FT and all German newspapers. In an editorial page analysis, the
 FT said that "without a successful merger of minds, the transaction
 could rapidly turn sour." "Or as Janis Joplin put it in 'One Night Stand':
 'Just because we loved tonight, please don't think it's gonna stay that way,' "
 the FT concluded. La
 Stampa of Turin, Italy, home of Fiat, lauded the marriage as a "union
 without conquest" and attributed this to the launch of the euro. "The single
 currency is bringing the two shores of the Atlantic closer together," it said.
 Le Monde of Paris said
 the negotiations reflected the increased power of the German automobile
 industry.

            Italian newspapers all led on the fatal mudslides in
 southern Italy, with the predictable comment that political incompetence was
 partly responsible.
