
   
   
      
         
            Magic Carpet

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and Friday
 morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily), "Pundit
 Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning), click
 here.
            

            The Venice newspaper
 Il Gazzettino reported
 on its front page Thursday that a 4-year-old girl who had seen the Disney
 cartoon film of Aladdin many times on television had thrown herself out
 of her third-floor bedroom window on a blanket believing she would be able to
 fly. She was miraculously unhurt when she landed on the sidewalk in a
 cross-legged sitting position. The girl, who lived with her parents in a
 village on Lake Como, was of Turkish origin, the newspaper said.

            The
 South China Morning Post
 said in its main editorial Thursday that President B.J. Habibie of Indonesia
 "may survive in office far longer than anyone initially expected." While
 students would not be deterred from trying to bring down another unpopular
 leader even by threats of military force, "there is no longer the strong
 national consensus that existed in the days immediately prior to Mr Suharto's
 downfall." "Having originally been written off as a stop-gap solution, the new
 President seems to have acquired a surprisingly firm grip on the reins of
 power," the newspaper observed. In Australia, the Sydney Morning Herald said Friday
 in an editorial that Habibie should speed up his timetable for free
 elections to "possibly prevent a descent into anarchy."

            The Straits Times of Singapore expressed concern in an editorial
 Thursday that the new president of the Philippines, former movie star Joseph
 Estrada, would fail in his promises "to press ahead with economic reforms,
 establish law and order, stamp out corruption, and above all help the poor who
 form the bulk of the country's 70 million people." It said that Estrada, "whose
 hero is another actor turned politician, former US President Ronald Reagan,
 could change the Philippine political landscape over the next six years if he
 carries out what he promises to do: abolish pork barrel politics.
