
   
   
      
         
            Stumped by Stumpage

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and Friday
 morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily), "Pundit
 Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning), click
 here.
            

            The South China Morning Post goes
 ballistic, running an immense "Clinton in China" package. Adding to reams of
 news coverage, an analysis piece reports on the careful press manipulation of
 the president's tour. Clinton aides are relieved that a controversial ceremony
 in Tiananmen Square will take place only after Friday's evening newscasts in
 the United States, relegating it to less-watched weekend programs. The article
 wonders if this was the result of dumb luck or devious engineering. A separate
 SCMP story illustrates the rampant Americanization Clinton will
 encounter in China. In addition to obvious infiltrators (McDonald's, Microsoft,
 Titanic ), the entire American "way of thinking" has invaded the country.
 President Jiang Zemin loves Elvis and FDR (both Clinton favorites); the central
 banking system is being modeled after the U.S. Federal Reserve; the judicial
 system is moving toward the American style; and the military is taking its cues
 from West Point protocol. Still, leaders have warned against adopting American
 values--the "sugar-coated bullets of capitalism."

            China Online
 posts the complete text of an article from People's Daily , the official
 newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party. The essay, written on the occasion of
 Clinton's visit, generally trumpets this summit as a positive step in warming
 Sino-U.S. relations. A few passages stand out, however:

            As far as the Taiwan issue
 is concerned, the American leaders have time and again reiterated their
 promise: The United States persists in its one China policy ... does not
 support the view of 'one China, one Taiwan,' or 'two Chinas'; does not support
 Taiwan independence; and does not support Taiwan to join the United
 Nations.
