
   
   
      
         
            Fifty-First State?

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday morning
 delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily), "Pundit Central"
 (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning), click here.
            

            Taking up a cause recently
 promoted by its Canadian proprietor Conrad Black, the conservative British
 Daily Telegraph (circulation 1 million) argued Britain should apply for membership--or associate
 membership--in the North American Free Trade Agreement. It said in an editorial
 Monday that Black's proposal was supported not only by Margaret Thatcher,
 several leading members of the opposition Conservative Party, and Britain's
 largest circulation newspaper (Rupert Murdoch's Sun ) but also by House
 Speaker Newt Gingrich and Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Texas.

            The
 notion that the United States wants Britain to remain part of a European bloc
 is "becoming out of date," the paper said. "US commentators are waking up to
 the fact that the [European Union] contains an important anti-American
 component. Henry Kissinger, perhaps the most influential of post-war foreign
 policy thinkers, recently warned against further European integration." The
 Telegraph said the case for "associating with the New World" doesn't
 rest simply on an affinity of culture, language, or political values but is
 based on hard economic calculation.

            Black's Israeli newspaper, the Jerusalem Post, congratulated Jordan's ailing King Hussein Monday on the fact
 that the longevity of his rule--46 years next month--"has been achieved mainly
 through consensual rule rather than despotism." The paper's editorial recalled
 American journalist Walter Lippmann on the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt--"the
 genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense,
 without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully"--and suggested Hussein
 has achieved this.
