
   
   
      
         
            A Plump Sheep

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here.
            

            What the Italian papers call
 "sexygate" or "sexgate" was back on most of the world's front pages Thursday,
 offering a promising lifeline for newspapers during the dog days of August.
 Most papers seemed to think President Clinton would get away with it, though at
 some personal cost. "Clinton has changed American customs for ever," said
 Corriere della
 Sera of Milan. "He has won the right to privacy for his successors. But the
 price he has paid has been a spider's web of half-truths and half-silence which
 is wearing him away." La
 Repubblica of Rome said, "American public opinion has already forgiven Bill
 for a sin he won't admit to having committed."

            In Paris,
 Le Monde said that if
 Clinton tried "to fend off the questioning with dodges similar to the one about
 fellatio and penetration, he will founder in ridicule. If he admits to having
 lied, he will be found guilty of perjury." But it was still unlikely that
 Congress would find enough evidence to bring a charge of impeachment to trial,
 it said. Die Welt of Germany
 said it was now Monica's word against Bill's, and the paper doubted that
 Kenneth Starr could make his case against the president stick.

            In Britain, the liberal Guardian said Clinton should
 not be toppled by the affair. The president would be wrong to commit perjury
 about his relations with Lewinsky, "but not perhaps so incredibly and
 shockingly wrong." It said there was also some irony "in expecting a president
 to be absolutely truthful on personal matters when he heads a government which
 often varnishes the truth--or worse--on matters of much graver importance." The
 paper concluded, "This summer now seems likely to be remembered for the climax
 of the Lewinsky saga, but it is not so earth-shaking that it should bring the
 President down.
