
   
   
      
         
            Hiccups in Iraq

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here.
            

            Tuesday, Britain's Financial Times presaged the latest
 Iraqi brouhaha with a brief account of Iraq's objections to the current weapons
 monitoring program. According to the U.N. chief weapons inspector, Richard
 Butler, the Iraqis had asked for an accelerated schedule of inspections so that
 sanctions could be lifted immediately. They recoiled at the specifics of
 Butler's plan, with Iraq Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz reportedly saying
 U.N. inspectors were up to their "old games and tricks." The conservative
 Daily Telegraph saw the widening clash--in which Iraq announced it
 would no longer cooperate with U.N. inspectors--as a Middle East vs. West
 face-off, prompted by Saddam Hussein: "Iraq maintains that the inspection
 regime is being abused by the Americans and by Britain to maintain the embargo
 indefinitely." The Telegraph also voiced the United Nations' reaction to
 the scenario, with Secretary-General Kofi Annan calling it a "hiccup." The
 hiccup could lead to "another stand-off with the United States of the sort that
 almost led to war in February, and before that last November," the paper
 speculated.

            By
 Thursday, the liberal Guardian had united with its conservative counterpart to accuse
 Iraq of prompting another confrontation. The Iraqis continue to attack the U.N.
 program for "serving United States and British interests," rather than the
 world's.

            The appointment of a new minister of finance in
 Japan--Kiichi Miyazawa, who also served as finance minister in the 1980s--will
 do little to pull that country out of its economic mudslide, wrote the
 Financial Times .
