
   
   
      
         
            Hell in the Pacific

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here.
            

            The Pacific press is rife
 with headlines of economic foreboding. Singapore's Straits Times
 reports the "slowdown in growth for the second quarter was across
 all sectors--and is the lowest growth rate in 12 years." The government pledges
 that the country's competitiveness will not erode. Papua New Guinea's Post
 Courier announces that the PNG government, which depends on
 substantial foreign aid from Australia, is asking the Aussies for a six month
 dole advance. Even so, Prime Minister Bill Skate assures the interviewer that
 this is not a sign of "dire economic strife." The data dump from the Korea
 Times predicts that country's economy will shrink by 5 percent to 6
 percent this year. Bank of Korea spokesman Lee Seong-tae opines that the
 "economic outlook is getting worse than was anticipated."

            The
 economic news in Australia highlights a surprising budget surplus. The national
 papers are varying in their response to this good news. The Sydney Morning Herald reports the treasury is aware that the $1.2 billion surplus does
 not mean Australia is now immune to the Asian crisis. Melbourne's Age sees the new figures as denoting "bigger-than-expected tax cuts"
 in the future, a sentiment that dueled with a quotation from the minister of
 finance in the Morning Herald : "This Government is not in the business
 of looking for cuts." The proposed tax package, described by the prime minister in the Australian as the
 biggest tax change in Australia since World War II, includes a fixed 10 percent
 goods and service tax, which would "clean up the indirect tax system" and
 create jobs in the process.
