
   
   
      
         
            The Entrepreneur Is the New Madonna
            

            Dear Joe,

            I know what you mean about being a journalist. Almost every assignment is a
 challenge in a different way and it never seems to get easier. I often feel as
 if I only get half the story sometimes, so I typically do a massive amount of
 reporting that is most often much more than I will ever need. I think that is
 why I welcomed doing a book--it gives one the ability to use so much of what is
 left on the cutting room floor of daily journalism.

            Think of all the good stuff we all collect daily in our reporting that we
 never add to stories. Most often reporters recount these tales with each other
 and with their sources rather than share them with the general public. Much of
 it, of course, using the standards of top newspapers, cannot be used since it
 is largely gossip we are repeating, although it certainly could make for some
 very good stories. I often wonder when a really great fictional book will be
 written about this era (probably decades and decades hence as it is too close).
 In any case, there certainly is no lack of information available about the
 moguls of technology now as they all become our current pop icons. I would
 posit that Bill and Michael and Steve and Jerry have become the Madonnas of the
 current age of stock market mania and celebration of the entrepreneur.

            So the shift in the image of Gates has been an interesting one for me to
 watch. The smart-boy technologist is now being painted as the whiny bully. I
 personally always thought it was a risk to pin the image of Microsoft on just
 one man--at AOL, for example, there was a conscious effort to develop other
 "characters," for lack of a better word. So there, while you think of Case, you
 also think of Pittman and Leonsis and increasingly a range of other executives.
 Steve Ballmer, of course, is now getting a lot more attention at Microsoft, but
 it still seems to be Bill's show over there.
