
   
   
      
         
            Apocalypse Now

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here.
            

            While papers across the
 world led Thursday with apocalyptic headlines about the collapse of Russia,
 none were more apocalyptic than those in Russia's own press. Izvestiya warned that the
 addition of a political crisis to the existing economic crisis might result in
 "a revolutionary situation." The possibility that the country might be left
 without legislative power for the next three months is "fraught with the most
 dangerous consequences--including the disintegration of the state," it
 said.

            
               Segodnya reported
 that Dagestan is on the edge of civil war and that the halting of ruble-dollar
 trading on the financial markets means that Russia is facing the threat of a
 return to a fixed ruble-dollar exchange rate, as in Soviet times.

            Nezavisimaya Gazeta said
 that Russia could be facing hyperinflation, as in 1992, and that the country's
 general situation is rapidly approaching the critical point: It faces
 simultaneous financial, industrial, social, and political meltdowns; it must
 also deal with the fighting already taking place in the Northern Caucasus, and
 with the danger of Afghan military action on its southern border.

            Wednesday's Russian papers concentrated on the
 reappointment of Victor Chernomyrdin as prime minister. Izvestiya said
 that, with this, President Boris Yeltsin has effectively given up power and
 Novye Izvestiya that his second coming is attributable not to any
 failings by Chernomyrdin's predecessor, Sergei Kiriyenko, but to Yeltsin's
 decision not to seek re-election in 2000.

            In Rome,
 La Repubblica said in
 a front-page comment by Sandro Viola that "seldom in history has a country
 received from the same person so many reasons for hope and then so many
 afflictions as .
