
   
   
      
         
            Counting the Hours

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here.
            

            The pocket cartoon on the
 front page of London's Daily Telegraph Thursday showed a little boy on his father's knee
 learning about Monicagate. "And if the daddy bee is caught with a lady bee who
 isn't the mummy bee, then the daddy bee might have to resign as President of
 the United States," said Dad. The resignation or impeachment of the president
 now seems taken for granted in much of the European press.

            The scandal story got more
 attention in Europe than in other parts of the world, and much more in Britain
 than in other parts of Europe. Rupert Murdoch's British tabloid, the Sun
 (circulation 4 million), carried a massive front-page headline, "Clinton: The
 Last Hours," and an editorial saying about the White House "soap opera," "The
 world knows how the plot will end, and there are few episodes left." But the
 Sun added that "for all the personal shame of Clinton, America can hold
 its head high. The land of the free has upheld the finest democratic
 traditions."

            The
 political cartoonist of the Times of London showed the American eagle stealing the arrows off
 the presidential seal and defecating on Clinton's head as it flew away. The
 Financial Times ran an
 editorial titled "The Indignity of It All," blaming the president fully for his
 misfortunes. "His words are weasel ones, his actions based forever on political
 expediency," it said. "He still appears to think that the affair is a
 right-wing conspiracy, and he cannot see what he did wrong."

            The conservative Daily Telegraph ran a two page
 scandal chronology compiled by Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, who, as its Washington
 correspondent, began investigating Clinton in 1993 and, according to the paper,
 was "vilified by the White House aides" as a result.
