
   
   
      
         
            L'Affaire Clinton Makes Prudes of the French

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here.
            

            Thursday, Le Monde of Paris devoted several
 pages to Flytrap's possible influence on France. Politicians questioned by the
 newspaper urged that the traditional French boundary between public and private
 morality be maintained. Many of them also "wondered if this may not be the
 start of an evolution affecting all democracies because of the distrust that
 surrounds political leaders, the latitude permitted to judges, and the pressure
 of the media," it reported in its main front-page story. Le Monde quoted
 the new president of the conservative UDF party, François Bayrou, as saying,
 "At the root of Clinton's destabilization is, above all, a meshing between the
 judiciary and the media, and no democracy is immune from that."

            Several
 members of the French Parliament used Kenneth Starr as a pretext to protest a
 proposed increase in the independence of public prosecutors in France. Le
 Monde pointed out that, until now, episodes involving the mingling of
 private and public life in France have been extremely rare. The most recent was
 the revelation, in 1994, in the magazine Paris Match that the late
 President François Mitterrand had had a daughter by his mistress--a report that
 had provoked many protests about the intrusion into his privacy. This
 daughter's appearance beside Mitterrand's wife at the funeral generated nothing
 but emotional sympathy, "demonstrating once again that the French don't confuse
 bourgeois morality with public morality."

            Le Monde's front-page cartoon showed Clinton in bed with a
 naked woman, blindfolded and holding the scales of justice as he ate little
 figures of French judges out of a heart-shaped chocolate box and sighed, "Ah,
 La France!
