
   
   
      
         
            Farewell to Helmut

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here. And
 if you missed the most recent installments of this column, here they are:
 posted Friday, Sept. 25, and Tuesday,
 Sept. 22.
            

            The toppling of old king
 Kohl, the longest-serving leader in any democracy, was received with great
 excitement across Europe, though less so in Germany than anywhere else.
 Everyone agreed that Helmut Kohl's departure marks "the end of an era," and
 this was even the headline on a front-page editorial Monday in Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. The
 paper noted that this was the last German election in which Bonn, not Berlin,
 was the focus of attention. It also noted that foreign governments would have
 preferred that Kohl win, because they fear that, with the move of its capital
 from the Rhine to the Spree, Germany will become "more German and less
 European." "Kohl would have been the best man to dispel these concerns," it
 said. "Now Schröder and Lafontaine [the victorious Social Democrat leaders]
 have to prove that they are Europeans too, West Europeans." The Frankfurter
 Allgemeine also pointed out that "never before has an election been fought
 in such an American style, with so much theatricality."

            The
 Süddeutche Zeitung
 of Munich said it hopes this will be the last German election in which millions
 of residents aren't allowed to vote because of their immigrant status:
 "Democracy doesn't function when certain people are excluded." Die Welt challenged the comparisons
 being made between the next chancellor, Gerhard Schröder, and Bill Clinton and
 Tony Blair. "Blair reformed his party; Schröder didn't," it said. "Schröder has
 a Leftist, Lafontaine, behind him; Clinton doesn't.
