
   
   
      
         
            Flytrap Fatigue

            
               GET
 "INTERNATIONAL PAPERS" BY E-MAIL!
            

            
               For Tuesday and
 Saturday morning delivery of this column, plus "Today's Papers" (daily),
 "Pundit Central" (Monday morning), and "Summary Judgment" (Wednesday morning),
 click here. And
 if you missed the most recent installments of this column, here they are:
 posted Tuesday, Sept. 29, and Friday, Sept.
 25.
            

            Flytrap fatigue has been
 spreading like wildfire across Europe. The German daily Hamburger Morgenpost lighted the
 flame last week by leaving two of its pages blank under the headline "Clinton's
 Porn Interrogation: We Have Had Enough." Since then, 14 media organizations in
 Portugal--three TV companies, four radio stations, six daily newspapers, and
 one newsmagazine--have signed a statement saying, "It is our profound
 conviction that the intimate life of a human being, even if he is the president
 of the United States, does not justify this obscene official inquiry. We
 therefore declare that the media for which we are responsible will not, as from
 today, continue to focus on aspects of the intimate life of Bill Clinton that
 are not of obvious interest to the public."

            In Britain, the press has
 generally failed to catch up with the idea that impeachment is becoming
 increasingly unlikely. The satirical magazine Private
 Eye, in this week's edition, says that "President Clinton, like beauty, is
 in the eye of the beholder." It takes two British commentators on Flytrap--the
 liberal Guardian's
 Washington correspondent Martin Kettle and the conservative Daily Telegraph's
 "resident Bill-baiter"Ambrose Evans-Pritchard--and points out that "what both
 papers have in common is that their reporting simply reflects their
 prejudices--thus leaving the poor readers hopelessly confused and surprised by
 every new turn of events." It takes quotations from both journalists' articles
 over several months to show, convincingly, the repeated inaccuracy of their
 predictions.
