
   
   
      
         
             R-E-S-P-E-C-T

            Several months ago, when
 House Republicans launched the case for President Clinton's impeachment, they
 argued that he had committed high crimes worthy of removal from office. Last
 week, as it became increasingly obvious that this argument wouldn't persuade 67
 senators to expel Clinton--and might not even persuade 51 senators to let
 witnesses be called--the House Republicans changed their tune. They began to
 argue that the Senate should call witnesses and complete the trial not
 necessarily because Clinton deserved to be removed but because the Senate owed
 the House a full hearing. This marks a new phase in the trial's disintegration.
 The prosecutors' case is no longer about us. It's about them.

            Sunday on Meet the
 Press , the chief House prosecutor, Rep. Henry Hyde, R-Ill., dismissed the
 public's unshaken approval of President Clinton as "something for an abnormal
 psychologist to do a dissertation on." Lauding his "13 intrepid colleagues who
 have marched into the jaws of death," Hyde declared, "The Senate owes us a
 trial." Several Republican senators agreed that "fairness" required the Senate
 to let the House managers "make their case" by calling witnesses. On This
 Week , conservative pundit Bill Kristol protested that by "saying that this
 trial should be dismissed or saying that the House managers don't get a chance
 to present their case" through witnesses, Senate Republicans would "discredit"
 the House's impeachment vote and make it appear "illegitimate."

            Continuing this line of argument before the Senate Monday,
 Rep. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., pleaded, "We haven't had a chance to present our
 case, really." Hyde followed with a blunt rebuke to senators who were proposing
 to dismiss the case: "I looked at this motion to dismiss, and I was astounded,
 really. If the Senate had sent something similar to the House, it would
 certainly have received such treatment as comports with comity.
