
   
   
      
         
            Flytrap Tonight: That Was an Apology?

            I just watched the
 president's speech at Jonah Goldberg's D.C. apartment. It is here that Lucianne
 Goldberg first met Linda Tripp and here that Newsweek 's Mike Isikoff
 refused to listen to the Lewinsky tapes. Jonah's apartment, in short, is the
 safe house of the vast right-wing conspiracy. I figure there's no better place
 to watch the climax of Flytrap than the place where it began.

            Jonah,
 who is a friend but not an ideological soul mate, has stocked the apartment
 with conservative pals, and they are in high glee. This is a night of
 vindication for them, not a night of magnanimity. Jonah answers the phone
 "Gloating Central," and during the Larry King pregame show, every appearance of
 James Carville is greeted with hoots of laughter. This is not the audience of
 average Americans who are supposed to watch Clinton apologize, forgive him,
 and--to use the night's phrase--"move on with their lives." It does not
 surprise me that Clinton's speech wasn't enough for them: Nothing he could say
 would have been enough for them. But it does surprise me that Clinton's speech
 wasn't enough for me. I arrived at Jonah's in a forgiving mood: Let's get this
 over with. I left a bit puzzled.

            As theater, the Map Room talk was a minor masterpiece.
 Clinton looked fresh despite his horrible afternoon. He wore a fine blue power
 suit. He wisely kept Hillary out of the picture: Any awkwardness between them
 would have been disastrous. The Map Room was the right choice: The Oval Office
 would have been presumptuous and seamy (Where's that private study, Bill?).

            But as an
 apology, this was a feeble effort. Nobody expected Clinton to make a baldfaced
 confession: "The American people need to know if their president is a lech.
 I am a lech. " But I think almost everyone expected him to at least admit
 it. I certainly did. It may have been a mea culpa , but there wasn't much
 culpa to show for it.
