
   
   
      
         
            Poll Sitters

            Here is
 my favorite Flytrap nugget from this morning's papers. The Washington
 Post writes:

            Neither House Speaker Newt
 Gingrich (R), at home in Georgia, nor Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott
 (R-Miss.), in Florida for a vacation, commented on the speech. Also unavailable
 was House Judiciary Chairman Henry J. Hyde (R-Ill.), the pivotal figure in an
 impeachment inquiry. ... Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle (D-S.D.) was
 traveling in rural areas of South Dakota and unreachable throughout the day
 yesterday, his office said. House Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt (D-Mo.)
 was in Europe.

            Now even
 politicians are entitled to a private life, as President Clinton noted last
 night, and (as he didn't note) that includes the right to vacation in August.
 But does anyone else find it suspicious that on what will undoubtedly be one of
 the most important political days of their lives, so many of them were
 unreachable? (Daschle's "rural areas of South Dakota"--that's a good one! Don't
 they have phones in rural South Dakota? Didn't the New Deal take care of
 that?)

            Contrast this with the pundits, who set new records
 yesterday for quantity and speedy delivery of blather. Clinton spoke for four
 minutes. Four minutes after he finished, dozens had already rendered judgment
 on the various networks. But pundits are paid to be interesting, not to be
 right. All they make is opinions. Politicians, by contrast, make decisions--in
 this case, their opinion on Clinton may turn into a decision about impeachment.
 So yesterday's silence from Gingrich, Lott, et al. reflected an admirable
 desire to think through the weighty issues that ...

            No, I
 don't believe that. The Republican reticence can be partly attributed to the
 ancient rule of politics: Don't kill your enemy when he's committing suicide.
 (Gingrich even warned his GOP underlings to keep quiet.) But the main reason
 for silence from congressional leaders of both parties was the modern political
 practice of poll sitting.
