
   
   
      
         
            Happy Birthday, John McCain!

            Thursday afternoon, Chatterbox received an e-mail from Cindy McCain, the
 wife of presidential candidate Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). The e-mail,
 addressed to supporters of John McCain's candidacy, conveyed the following
 secret: "John's birthday is this Sunday, August 29th! To help him celebrate I
 have arranged to surprise him with a special gift in Phoenix. Please click on
 the following for the details of his surprise."

            Unable to resist the invitation, Chatterbox clicked the designated link and
 was transported to a page on the McCain.2000.com Web site. Under the headline,
 "Happy
 Birthday John McCain!," Cindy explained that her husband has been so busy
 campaigning, "I doubt if John has given any thought to the fact that he will
 turn 63 this Sunday. That's why I'm excited about my plans to surprise him with
 a special birthday gift in Phoenix on August 29th." The gift, she confided,
 will be "a specially-designed Birthday Card that carries your personal best
 wishes as well as those of so many of his most ardent friends and supporters. I
 know I can count on you to participate in this project."

            Cindy continued: "And to make sure we can keep the momentum building for
 John's campaign and guarantee that he will have the financial resources needed
 to get his positive, conservative, and independent reform message out to the
 voters, I'm also hoping you can contribute at least $63, along with your
 birthday greetings. Your contribution of $63--just $1 for each year--will be a
 special way to thank John for all he's done for our state and nation. And if we
 can meet our goal to present him with a birthday campaign check for $63,000 to
 accompany our special card, it will give him the added financial boost that's
 so necessary to carry his campaign forward. But right now, time is of the
 essence. To make sure your e-mail will arrive before August 29th, and be
 included in the special birthday album we will present to John, I must hear
 from you soon.
