
   
   
      
         
            Charles, Earl Spencer

            Last week Britain lost a
 princess and found a hero: Charles, Earl Spencer, the angriest brother in the
 world. Spencer's vitriolic, anti-press, anti-monarchy eulogy was wildly popular
 in the United Kingdom--it's been called "one of the most important speeches in
 recent British history" and reprinted by all the vile tabloids it denounces.
 (Spencer has invented a literary genre, the Attack Eulogy.) You might think
 that Spencer's plummy accent, Hugh Grant-y good looks, and lordly manner--well,
 he is a lord--would make Britons nostalgic for the good old days.
 (Remember when toffs were really toffee?) But the earl is a very new, very
 modern, and almost American kind of aristocrat. The stiff upper lip has been
 replaced by the barbed, blabbing tongue; reticence by confession;
 traditionalism by populism.

            Spencer's
 eulogy, which did as much to settle scores as to commemorate his sister, did
 not surprise anyone who's followed the earl over the years. The 33-year-old
 Spencer has nursed a grudge against the press since Diana's marriage to Prince
 Charles interrupted his boisterous adolescence. Fame was thrust upon him, and
 he didn't like it much.

            In a normal aristocratic family, Spencer would have been
 just another playboy. But he was the Princess of Wales' younger brother, so his
 noble pursuits--i.e., wine, women, song--became tabloid fodder. His
 escapades--Eton roughhousing, Oxford carousing, riotous birthday parties,
 speeding tickets--made headlines. Fleet Street dubbed him "Champagne Charlie."
 His many model-girlfriends decorated gossip columns, much to his annoyance. (Of
 course, the models wouldn't have been his girlfriends if it hadn't been for the
 earl's high profile.)

            Spencer's
 rage at the press has grown in recent years, and with much justification. In
 1995, the News of the World publicized his wife's alcoholism and
 anorexia (or, to use that excellent British phrase, "a slimming disease") and
 snapped surreptitious pictures of her at a private treatment facility.
