
   
   
      
         
            Religious Persecution

            The chief coach of the
 English national soccer team was fired Tuesday amid huge controversy over his
 eccentric religious beliefs. Glenn Hoddle, the man who steered the English team
 to failure in last year's World Cup in France, told the Times of London in an
 interview that disabled people were disabled because of things they had done
 wrong in previous lives. This created political uproar and sharply divided the
 British press about whether or not he should be allowed to keep his job. The
 Football Association, soccer's ruling body, fired him after he refused to sever
 connections with Eileen Drewery, a faith healer.

            In an editorial
 Wednesday, the Times said Hoddle had to go because "he had failed to
 separate his rights of free speech from his duties as one of the most
 influential men in a game with vast influence over the life of Britain." But
 the Daily
 Telegraph criticized his dismissal, saying Hoddle's views on the
 disabled were shared by millions of Hindus and Buddhists around the world. The
 story was big across Europe, especially in the Italian papers, which ran it on
 their front pages. "Fired for Karma" was the headline in La Repubblica of Rome,
 which said he was perhaps the first person in Europe's 2000 th year
 to lose his job for his religious convictions.

            The Daily Telegraph reported on its front page
 Wednesday that MI6, the British external espionage service, was having to
 consider withdrawing its man in Prague after Czech newspapers identified him as
 a homosexual living in the city with another man. Christopher Hurran, whose
 cover had been acting as a counselor at the British Embassy, was exposed by the
 Czech security service, BIS, after he made a written complaint about the head
 of the BIS, Karel Vulterin, who was fired by the Czech government as a
 result.

            "The letter that led to
 Mr. Vulterin's dismissal is believed to have followed leaks from within the BIS
 revealing a successful MI6 operation in which Iraq's leading spymaster in the
 region defected to the West," the newspaper said.
