
   
   
      
         
            No. 185: &quot;Tourist Tsuris&quot;

            

               Israel's National Parks Authority was uneasy about a proposed new
 attraction but, after consulting church authorities, head of planning Zeev
 Margalit concluded that it would "not hurt the feelings of the Christian
 tourists and it would not be too kitchy, so we decided to go with it." With
 what? ( This story 
                  courtesy of Daniel Radosh. )
            

             

            by noon
 ET Thursday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Wednesday's question (No. 184)--"Post-Game Blame":
            

            

               
                  Fill in the blank on one Atlanta Falcon's analysis of his
 team's Super Bowl loss. "Instead of getting mentally ready for the Broncos, we
 were ___________."
               
            

            
 "Getting mentally ready for the Bengals. Were we surprised when Denver was
 introduced!"-- Mac Thomason
            

            
 "Building a fort with our knee and shoulder pads."-- Alex Balk
            

            
 "Anticipating that all-new Simpsons episode."--Elliot Cohen
            

            
 "Visiting Manuel Noriega in prison."-- Neal Pollack
            

            
 "Praying. Which just goes to show you how much power that has, let me
 tell you. Thanks a lot, Jesus."-- Tim Carvell ( Chuck Lawhorn had a
 similar answer.)

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            What we know about Miami.
 Here's the sketch on the place mat in the coffee shop: Sitting in the lobby of
 a lovely art deco hotel, Crockett and Tubbs read A Man in Full aloud to
 Gloria Estefan. This replaces last year's place mat: Leaving the lobby of a
 tatty deco hotel on their way to enjoy an early bird special, my grandparents
 are elbowed into the gutter by a coke-sniffing fashion photographer on his way
 to Disney World.
