
   
   
      
         
            No. 186: &quot; 's cool&quot;

            

               Joining a national trend, the superintendent of schools in West
 Greenwich, R.I., ordered these turned off during the day. What?
            

             

            by 5
 p.m. ET Sunday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Wednesday's question (No. 185)--"Tourist Tsuris ":
            

            

               
                  
                     Israel's National Parks Authority was uneasy about a
 proposed new attraction but, after consulting church authorities, head of
 planning Zeev Margalit concluded that it would "not hurt the feelings of the
 Christian tourists and it would not be too kitchy, so we decided to go with
 it." With what? ( This story 
                        courtesy of Daniel
 Radosh. )
                  
               
            

            "A
 large monument honoring Daniel Radosh."--Greg Diamond
            

            
 "Silhouette brooches of popular Disney characters made from the bones of slain
 Crusaders."-- Jim O'Grady
            

            "The
 Christians-only lion petting zoo."-- Beth Sherman
            

            "An
 I've Got a Secret style quiz show where celebrity evangelists question
 groups of male Jews about which is the real Antichrist."-- Howard
 Burchman
            

            "A
 sound and light show mocking the beliefs of Hindus, Buddhists, and
 Muslims."-- Andrew Silow-Carroll ( Noah Meyerson had a similar
 answer.)

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            I'm afraid this is kind
 of a one joke question, and the joke is cheap and easy blasphemy. Well, maybe
 two jokes if you count Heritage USA; is that still for sale? Shouldn't someone
 inform Mr. Gates? Actually, three, if you count Jerry Falwell's Jew Town, but
 that's a scary place. You know if Christ and Antichrist come into direct
 physical contact, there'd be, like, a big explosion that would blow stuff up.
