
   
   
      
         
            Israel Grieves

            A wave of emotion swept the
 world's press Monday following the death of King Hussein of Jordan, but nowhere
 more than in Israel. Maariv carried a huge picture of him under the
 headline "Shalom, King," while Yediot Aharanot printed in Hebrew and
 Arabic the words "Shalom to a friend." Eitan Haber, an aide to the late Israeli
 Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, wrote in Yediot Aharanot , "If they lay a
 thousand flowers on your grave, one will be mine. ... If a thousand tears soak
 your final resting place, one will drip from my eyes. ... I want to thank you,
 first and foremost, for the peace. And I have no doubt that Yitzhak Rabin joins
 in these warm thanks. He is waiting for you with a soldier's handshake."

            In Maariv , Chemi
 Shalev also dwelt on the king's relationship with Rabin: "They were so
 different, these two, yet they were very close. An introvert and impatient
 general and a noble and generous monarch, whose objectives and souls joined."
 He imagined them "up there" together, lighting cigarettes for each other and
 talking old soldiers' talk. Also in Maariv , Yosef Lapid wrote that
 Hussein might have made two grave mistakes--in 1967 when he joined Egypt's
 abortive attempt to destroy Israel, and in 1990 when he supported Saddam
 Hussein's invasion of Kuwait--but he was nevertheless "the only Arab leader
 Israeli citizens saw as 'an enemy who became a friend.' "

            In Ha'aretz , Danny Rubinstein, an expert on Palestinian affairs,
 contrasted Israel's outpouring of grief over the king's death to
 the relative indifference of the Palestinians. There are no special signs of
 mourning among the Palestinian public, he wrote, quoting a man in an East
 Jerusalem coffee house: "Netanyahu is sadder and more concerned than we are."
 Rubinstein said that the merchants of East Jerusalem were principally concerned
 about the weekend's fall in the value of the Jordanian currency, the dinar, in
 which they kept most of their savings.
