
   
   
      
         
            No. 187: &quot;Photo Fun&quot;

            

               I give the caption, you briefly describe the Associated Press photo:
 "Protesting the export of trash by New York to Pennsylvania, demonstrators
 gathered outside a hotel in Harrisburg, Pa., yesterday to assail Mayor Rudolph
 W. Giuliani, who was inside at a Republican dinner."
            

             

            by noon
 ET Tuesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               Thursday's question (No. 186)--" 's Cool":
            

            

               
                  
                     
                        Joining a national trend, the superintendent of
 schools in West Greenwich, R.I., ordered these turned off during the day.
 What?
                     
                  
               
            

            "Moral
 compasses."--Jennifer Miller
            

            "Those
 lunchroom slot machines that the gambling industry had such high hopes
 for."-- Jay Majors
            

            "Really
 big pagers, set on 'vibrate.' "-- Dianne Carter
            

            "The
 students' libidos, as per the instructions of Wendy Shalit."-- Greg
 Narver ( Darren Thorneycroft , Carrie Rickey , Colleen
 Werthmann , Charlie Glassenberg , Aaron Schatz , Brad
 Spencer , and Chris Thomas had similar answers.)

            "The
 natural spark of joy within young people."-- Daniel Radosh (similarly,
 David Finkle, Gabriel Nelson [grade 6], Charles Star , David
 Ballard , Judith Spencer , Andrew Milner , Daniel Krause ,
 and Marshall Efron [Sponsored today by Pedigree Dog Food. "Recommended
 by top breeders."])

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            The atmosphere is
 soul-deadening, the young are armed and bored, their elders are armed and
 feeble, and everyone is in a constant state of sexual arousal. Life aboard ship
 is tough; no wonder Navy recruiters have trouble meeting their staffing goals.
 Coincidentally, this is also the state of our schools, according to News Quiz
 participants.
