
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Girls Against
 Boys
            

            Cheers to Cathy Young for being a rare, courageous
 feminist who doesn't think men are the cause of all women's problems. Jeers to
 Wendy Shalit who cannot seem to comprehend that equal numbers of women suffer
 from abuse as cause it, and similarly for men.(See the "Dialogue": "")

            Particularly offensive
 is Shalit's claim that men are uncivilized and must be trained. Shalit is no
 doubt aware that male-bashing, although emotionally satisfying (I assume), is
 counter-productive. For those of us working to create a world in which the
 genders are treated equally in the workplace, take equal responsibility in
 matters of sex, and treat each other socially with equal respect and dignity,
 the only practical approach is to start doing it. But to act as though wrongs
 only matter when they happen to women, or to assume that women are never in the
 wrong when they have conflicts with men, is to retard progress toward a goal
 that even Shalit might enjoy.

            
               --Richard
 Flint
            

            
 Chicago

            
               Malcolm
 X'd
            

            "" debate over Janet
 Malcolm's new book piqued my interest in reading it. It felt a bit too much
 like a discussion between a skeptical reader and Malcolm's publicist, however.
 Did Rosen really not find anything in the book that he disagreed with? (Even
 positive book reviews usually have some caveats.) I had to sympathize with
 Fallows when he wrote that he felt he was walking out on a limb criticizing
 Malcolm, given her prominence and connections in journalism. Although I'm sure
 Rosen means what he says in his remarks, his own professional connections with
 her made a free-flowing discussion, including criticism, highly unlikely. Rosen
 is a relatively new writer at The 
               New Yorker , where Malcolm has
 long been a star. Malcolm's husband is a New Yorker editor. Perhaps next
 time, to avoid the sense that professional concerns are not hampering the
 conversation in The Book Club, it might make sense to choose two discussants
 with no ties to the people under discussion.
