
   
   
      
         
            Are Taxes Heavier Than Ever?

            Republicans propose using
 the federal budget surplus to finance a tax cut. They argue that the tax burden
 on the average American has grown. A tax cut may be a good or a bad idea for
 other reasons, but the notion of a growing tax burden rests on two highly
 misleading statistics.

            The first is that "a
 typical mother and father who both work paid nearly 40 percent of their income
 in taxes," as Republican Rep. Jennifer Dunn stated in her reply to the State
 of the Union address. "That means," Dunn explained, "40 cents of every
 dollar they earned went to the government." Dunn also noted that the statistic
 "really bothers me." Dunn can stop tormenting herself; the 40 percent figure is
 bogus.

            The number derives from a study conducted by the Tax
 Foundation, a conservative research group. The study found that "typical"
 families pay 36.7 percent of their income in total taxes, which is commonly
 rounded up to a neat 40 percent. That's a sneaky increase of almost a tenth
 right there. But even the 36.7 percent figure is inflated. (These errors were
 brought to light by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a moderately
 liberal--and methodologically sound--research group.) For instance, the Tax
 Foundation assumes that the average taxpayer pays an average share of estate
 and capital gains taxes, which is absurd. Most people do not have any capital
 gains at all, and the estate tax only affects inheritances of at least $625,000
 (and actually a lot more than that unless you're exceptionally stupid about
 estate planning). The "typical" taxpayer paid estate taxes last year in the
 same sense that the "typical" golfer scored some fraction of a hole in one.
 That is, in almost no sense whatever.

            Even more bizarrely, the Tax Foundation study counts
 as part of the tax burden things that aren't taxes, such as private pension
 contributions by government workers or rental fees on property owned by the
 government.
