
   
   
      
         
            Killing Them Softly

            Wednesday, several Iraqi
 fighter jets zipped into the "no-fly" zone over southern Iraq, encountered U.S.
 and British warplanes, and sped away without firing. Rather than pursue the
 offenders, the allied U.S. and British pilots rained bombs and missiles on
 unrelated Iraqi radar, missile, and communications facilities. This was the
 latest chapter in a seven week assault on Iraq's air defenses that has earned
 scant media coverage and no outcries in Congress or at the United Nations,
 thanks to an ingenious U.S. public relations strategy of spontaneity,
 self-defense, and silence.

            Last December, when the
 United States and Britain bombed Iraq for four days, television networks
 covered the onslaught live. Governments around the world cringed, many
 protested, and the bombing had to be halted. Since then, Saddam Hussein has
 repeatedly defied the no-fly zones, using his jets, radar, and anti-aircraft
 weapons to provoke allied pilots. The conventional wisdom, distilled last week
 by the Los Angeles Times , is that Saddam is shrewdly provoking the
 allies and that they're taking the bait, engaging in a "war of attrition" that
 will "keep world attention focused" on Iraq and leave the United States
 "looking like a bully."

            But over the past month and a half, the United States has
 learned how to wage war under the guise of ad hoc retaliation. President
 Clinton authorized pilots to attack air defense sites unrelated to those that
 have threatened their planes. Gen. Anthony Zinni, who commands U.S. forces in
 Iraq, told Congress, "We have the authority to react and attack any part of the
 air defense system any time there's a threat. And it's not particularly geared
 to the cause of the threat." U.S. officials indicate that pilots patrolling the
 no-fly zones deliberately pass over predetermined targets, obviously in the
 hope that the Iraqis will provoke them. In late January, for example, the
 allies noticed that Iraq had moved three anti-ship missile launchers toward the
 Persian Gulf.
