
   
   
      
         
             Make Love Not War

            The true irresponsibility
 of Kenneth Starr and the Republicans in Congress who turned an innocent affair
 into a national crisis is only now becoming clear. Yes, our 13 month
 distraction is now over, and the media can return to discussing education
 reform and Social Security as they claim to prefer. Yes, Bill Clinton was not
 evicted from office. But that doesn't mean our long national nightmare is over.
 In fact, it is just beginning.

            Already there are hints
 of the trouble ahead. In the past year, our former-peacenik president has
 launched missile attacks on Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein at the oddest of
 times. The surest-footed politician of our era held a crass partisan pep rally
 smack in the middle of the impeachment process. And on the eve of his acquittal
 in the Senate, he allegedly let slip that his next major policy initiative is
 retaliating against impeachment foes. The White House strongly denies the last
 item. But let's face it: It fits a pattern.

            Despite the indignant denials of the president's pursuers,
 we're about to discover that Flytrap is indeed about sex. Or at least that the
 post-Flytrap era is going to be about lack of sex. Now that it's permissible to
 talk about such matters, some big questions arise: With whom is the president
 having sexual relations? (Or, to use Clinton's brilliant euphemism, "not having
 sexual relations.") When was the last time? Is he getting any at all?

            This is serious stuff.
 The president, a k a "the most powerful man in the world," (and this one is
 known for his large appetite, to boot) has been collared. Charismatic, suffused
 with Henry Kissinger's ultimate aphrodisiac, and looking fitter than ever, our
 president nevertheless faces odds of scoring that have to be slimmer than
 Beavis' or Butt-Head's.

            Consider the obvious. Hillary. Long-suffering, yes. But a
 return to the crime scene any time soon? Doubtful.
