
   
   
      
         
            No. 193: &quot;Whoa, Canada&quot;

            
               The Poitras Report,
 recently released in Montreal, describes an inept organization that routinely
 broke the law, lacked ethics and professionalism, and embraced a code of
 silence that thwarted whistle-blowers. What organization?
            

            

               ( Question courtesy of Matthew Singer.)
               
            

             

            by noon
 ET Thursday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               
                  Tuesday's Question
 (No. 192)--"Where It's At":
               

               

                  
                     Fill in the blank in Dr. Orville Gilbert Brim's report on a 10
 year study funded by the MacArthur Foundation: "On balance, the sense we all
 have is that ________ is the best place to be."
                  
               

               "The
 MacArthur Foundation."-- Ellen Macleay , Daniel Krause , Jon
 Delfin , and Michael Roche
               

               "During
 a showing of Message in a Bottle , the lobby."-- Jon
 Hotchkiss
               

               
 "Starbucks. (Is this a trick question or something?)"-- Cliff Schoenberg
 ( Larry Amaros had a similar answer.)

               "New
 York state. (The study centered on where you are likely to find women starting
 new careers after being publicly humiliated by their husbands.)"-- Brooke
 Saucier
               

               
 "Renaissance Florence. Now would one of those fucking geniuses we keep funding
 build us a time machine?!"-- Steve Smith
               

               Click
 for more answers.

               
                  Randy's
 Wrap-Up
               

            

            One way to judge a grant
 program is to count the number of projects that but for that grant would not
 have come to fruition. By this measure the MacArthur "genius grants" are a
 failure. Awarding much of their money to established academics, the MacArthurs
 tend to fund those happy in their work, people who simply continue what they've
 been doing for years, but in more stylish clothes.
