
   
   
      
         
            My Personal Trade Deficit

            To my vast delight, a Barnes
 & Noble superstore has arrived in Pittsford, N.Y., about a mile from my
 home in the neighboring town of Brighton. I shop at Barnes & Noble several
 times a week--mostly for books, sometimes for music, occasionally for software,
 and nearly always for coffee.

            My trade deficit with
 Pittsford has grown explosively since Barnes & Noble arrived. In other
 words, I spend more money in Pittsford than I did before. A trade deficit is
 the amount you spend in a given place minus the amount you earn there. (A trade
 surplus is just the opposite: The amount you earn in a given place minus the
 amount you spend there.) I don't earn any income in Pittsford, so my trade
 deficit is equal to the amount I spend.

             

            I've been thinking about trade deficits because I picked up
 the local newspaper this morning and read an op-ed piece about the U.S. trade
 deficit with Mexico. It says that, pre-NAFTA, the United States had a trade
 surplus with Mexico--the average American earned more in Mexico than he
 spent there. (Producing goods for sale to Mexicans counts as "earning in
 Mexico"; buying goods made by Mexicans counts as "spending in Mexico.") Today
 the opposite is true: The United States has a trade deficit with Mexico, and
 it's growing.

            According
 to the op-ed piece, that's proof that the average American was better off
 without NAFTA. But the identical logic "proves" that I was better off without
 Barnes & Noble. Not only is the conclusion false, it's the exact opposite
 of the truth. When people take advantage of new opportunities to buy things
 they want, it usually makes them happier.

            
 The truth is that any change in our
 trade position with respect to Mexico--in either direction--is evidence that
 free trade has been good for Americans. My neighbor got a job at the new Barnes
 & Noble. His trade surplus with Pittsford grew, just like my own
 trade deficit .
