
   
   
      
         
            Justice

            Two hundred years ago, a
 lawyer named William Blackstone said it's better for 10 guilty people to go
 free than for one innocent person to suffer. And for two centuries, legal
 scholars have considered Blackstone's pronouncement a profound statement of
 principle. Apparently, none of those scholars has thought to ask the obvious
 follow-up question, namely, why 10? Why wasn't it 12 or eight? The answer, of
 course, is that Blackstone invented a number out of thin air. That kind of
 flippancy amounts to a defiant refusal to think seriously about the trade-offs
 involved in designing a criminal justice system. But for 200 years, legal
 scholars have cited Blackstone's refusal to think and mistaken it for an
 example of a thought.

            There's
 nothing profound about recognizing a trade-off between convicting the innocent
 and acquitting the guilty. The hard part is deciding how many false acquittals
 you're willing to accept to avoid a false conviction. That number matters. It
 matters whether it is 10 or 12 or eight, because every time we rewrite a
 criminal statute or modify the rules of evidence, we are adjusting the terms of
 the trade-off. So it's got to be worth it to think about what terms we want to
 aim for.

            Here's one approach: Imagine how a guilty man going free or
 a free man getting convicted might affect your life. (Or, so we don't get too
 deeply sidetracked into your personal idiosyncrasies, how the guilty going free
 or the free getting convicted might affect the lives of your neighbors.) On the
 one hand, your neighbors risk being falsely accused and convicted. On the other
 hand, they risk being victimized by criminals who have been falsely acquitted
 (or by others who were emboldened to become criminals because of the frequency
 of false acquittals). In principle, the cost of either disaster can be measured
 in dollars. In practice, we can approximate those measures by making a
 reasonable guess as to how much your typical neighbor would be willing to pay
 to avoid a year in jail or to avoid being robbed on the way home from work.
