
   
   
      
         
            Good Nukes Make Good Neighbors

            South Asian papers gave
 extensive coverage to the goodwill journey of Indian Prime Minister A.B.
 Vajpayee, who crossed the Indo-Pakistani border on a bus this weekend to meet
 with his counterpart Nawaz Sharif. According to Karachi's Dawn , Pakistan's foreign
 minister emphasized that nuclearization had given rise to new challenges and
 opportunities by bringing the two countries to "a defining moment."

            The two day summit
 culminated in the Lahore Declaration, in which the parties resolved to
 intensify efforts to solve the Kashmir issue through ministerial talks and
 agreed to a series of "confidence-building measures." These measures include
 providing advance warning of ballistic missile tests and the continuation of
 the nations' respective unilateral moratoriums on nuclear testing. The
 countries plan to ease travel restrictions, and Sharif is expected to take a
 trip to New Delhi. The Times of India called the visit "a new chapter of amity in
 Indo-Pakistan relations," while the Independent pointed toward organized protests in
 Lahore as evidence that the "commitment to neighborly amity is still less than
 total."

            The papers highlighted the symbolism of the event. Vajpayee
 is the first Indian prime minister to visit Pakistan in the last 10 years. His
 visit marked the opening of the first regular bus route between the quarrelling
 nations since their foundation over 50 years ago. The Hindu of Madras quotes
 Vajpayee's suggestion that "the running of the bus between the two countries
 symbolizes the desire of the people to improve relations." The Guardian of London quotes
 Pakistan's information minister's assertion that "in a situation where people
 don't even make gestures, this is a powerful sign." Nevertheless, the Indian
 papers differed in their assessment of the summit's outcome. The Hindu
 commented that "this modest outcome was on expected lines and while it provided
 a framework for a new beginning, a lot would depend on the follow-up," whereas
 the Times of India wrote that the "bold steps" in the memorandum of
 understanding "set the tone for a shared vision of peace and stability.
