
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Fallwell's That
 Ends Well
            

            Jacob Weisberg in "" is missing the point about the
 reaction to Jerry Falwell's outing of the "gay Teletubby." While Tinky Winky
 may be queer and proud, and while Tinky Winky might be your best fantasy and
 your worst nightmare, that's not the why Americans are shaking their heads.

            Personally, I couldn't
 care less if Tinky Winky or Bert or Batman is gay. What does offend me is that
 bigots such as Falwell and other Christian right-wingers feel the need to
 "save" our children from supposedly evil influences, such as gay Teletubbies.
 If a gay Teletubby teaches tolerance and acceptance to children, that's a good
 thing. What we should be afraid of are Falwellian bigots who preach hate and
 division.

            
               --Tyler Green
            

            
 Washington

            
               
                  Real
 Numbers
            

            I am writing from Brazil where the statements by
 Paul Krugman about Arminio Fraga in the to "Don't Blame It on Rio ... Or
 Brasilia Either" have been front-page news for a week. While I am pleased that
 you have published to Krugman's note, I am distressed to see that

                  Slate
                has not taken responsibility for its actions in the same
 way that Krugman has. 
                  Slate
               's editors must take a large measure
 of responsibility for this "bagunça "--Portuguese for mess. As Krugman
 notes in his apologies, he is an economist, not a journalist. Given the
 seriousness of the charges--trading inside information for the gain of Fraga's
 former employer--shouldn't 
                  Slate
                offer Fraga an apology as well?
 Leaving Krugman to take all the heat of a very angry Brazilian public is not

                  Slate
               's finest demonstration of journalistic ethics.

            The greatest tragedy of
 this episode is that of the Brazilian situation is one of the most positive and
 accurate I have seen during the past six months.
