
   
   
      
         
            Whitehall No Longer?

            The top British story is a
 massive strengthening of the country's anti-racism laws. As a result of a
 report on the 1993 case of Stephen Lawrence, a young black man whose murder was
 poorly responded to and inadequately investigated by the police, Home Secretary
 Jack Straw declared all-out war on racist government action. Calling the
 Lawrence case "a catalyst" and "a watershed," he announced that the police and
 government officials will now be personally and criminally liable for any
 expressions of the "institutional racism" common in British life. Nevertheless,
 the reforms are less aggressive than those sought by the independent commission
 that investigated the case. The 
                  Times
                reports that those recommendations would
 make "racist language or behaviour" criminal and would allow racial attacks to
 be defined by the victim not the police (if the victim says they're racist,
 they are).

            Despite calls by
 Lawrence's parents for his resignation, the London Metropolitan Police
 Commissioner Sir Paul Condon is staying in office. He conveyed his "sense of
 shame" and vowed to make the police into "an anti-racist force." The

                  Guardian
                stresses the drama and context of the changes:
 It's the first major anti-racist legislation in 20 years and will cover "any
 long-established, white-dominated organisation which is liable to have
 procedures, practices and a culture which tend to exclude or to disadvantage
 non-white people."

            The 
                  London Evening Standard
                relays an embarrassing postscript to Straw's announcement:
 He had to withdraw a thick chunk of the already published report Thursday
 because it contained the names and addresses of witnesses and informants who
 assisted investigators. The paper calls the information "the most sensitive
 that could be imagined to be involved in any police investigation" and surmises
 that those mentioned could already be in danger.
