
   
   
      
         
            Theatrical Indecision

            With the opening of another
 Broadway season imminent, you might be wondering about the health of American
 theater. Is Broadway dying or thriving? Does Disney's new 42 nd
 Street playhouse portend good things or bad things for the Great White Way?
 Will extravagant productions funded by the megalomaniac Canadian mogul Garth
 Drabinsky revitalize or destroy the American musical? Whither serious drama?
 According to the New York Times , the answer to these questions is
 yes.

            In the
 Times ' pages, Broadway has died a thousand deaths and prospered in a
 thousand booms. No season has ever been plain average. Consider this classic
 example: a 1981 story by Carol Lawson headlined "Theater Enjoys Biggest Boom in
 Years." The same author assesses the 1982 season: "Broadway Is in its Worst
 Slump in a Decade."

            Plotting a trajectory of Times headlines from the
 last five years, you begin to suspect that Broadway is mechanically acting out
 some dialectical process that dooms it to fall on its face every other year.
 1992: "On Broadway, the Lights Get Brighter." 1993: "Broadway Blues." 1994: "On
 Broadway, the Numbers Are on the Rise." 1995: "Entertainment Is Killing
 Broadway." 1996: "A Hit Season for Broadway: Seems Like Old Times With Influx
 of Theatergoers." 1997: "Despite the Broadway Boom, Serious Plays Face Serious
 Peril."

            
 Compounding the confusion caused by these historical fluctuations are
 contradictory assessments of Broadway's condition at any given moment. Take
 Margo Jefferson's "Good Reasons to Have Faith in the Theater" (May 5, 1996) and
 Robert Brustein's "The End of Broadway's Run" (April 8, 1996). Or Glenn
 Collins' "Broadway Pays Big Dividends" (Feb. 17, 1994) and Bruce Weber's "Make
 Money on Broadway? Break a Leg" (June 3, 1993).

            
 The Times is torn constantly between
 touting and panicking. It takes very little to set off alarms. In 1993, when
 the Tony-winning Jelly's Last Jam announced that it had failed to recoup
 investors' money, the paper editorialized, "The Great White Way is ailing.
