
   
   
      
         
            

            

               Method-ology
            

            As a miffed scientist, I wish to register my
 protestations about Timothy Noah's "." Your Intdis Index is an accounting
 system; it has nothing to do with the scientific method. The scientific method
 is about hypothesis testing and experimentation. Simply giving things numerical
 values is not science.

            I can understand your
 wanting to shame the Wall Street Journal with some semblance of
 mathematical rigor, but Lord knows we poor scientists have to defend ourselves
 against enough nonsense posing as science ("Mister Chairman, how can that 10
 year study show us anything about bears when my cousin told me he never saw a
 bear in his life?").

            
               --Kate Wing
            

            
 Washington

            
               Personal Non
 Grata
            

            "" wonders if the
 principal investigator for the research project on the effect of women's work
 on young children and the journalist who reported the story in the Washington Post , themselves, have
 young children and worked outside the home. But the Los Angeles Times
 lead story was about another research finding (air pollution in Southern
 California), and we did not learn whether the researchers and journalists
 involved live in L.A. Newspapers continually report on cancer research or heart
 disease without telling us if the reporters ever had those diseases, or if they
 or any member of their immediate family is an albino lab rat, and so on.

            
               --John Haaga

            
 Bethesda, Md.

            
               Does He or Doesn't
 She?
            

            If Tinky Winky (see "")
 has no explicit gender, how do you know that the handbag, tutu, and so on
 aren't veiled signals that Tinky is female?

            -- Pete Wright
            

            
               Akron, Ohio
            

            
               Jacob Weisberg
 replies: I didn't say the Teletubbies have no gender, because they do.
