
   
   
      
         
             Me on Me on Garrison Keillor

            

               
                  (Note: Garrison Keillor's new book, Me by Jimmy (Big Boy)
 Valente as Told to Garrison Keillor , was published Monday. The publisher
 describes it as "an uproarious political satire about a professional wrestler
 who's elected governor.")
               
            

            
               What have you got
 against Garrison Keillor?
            

            Me:
 Nothing.

            
               Come on, you're talking
 to me.
            

            Me:
 Nothing, really. Just one time (this was years before I was a second-tier
 public radio personality) I went to see his show at the Tech College, caught
 him out in the corridor, and lied to him about how much I liked his show
 (really, he talks so slow it makes me nervous, plus all that lip noise
 indicating introspection being released into the atmosphere) and, silly boy,
 launched into how I was doing a live daily radio show from a greasy spoon and
 all, and he looked at me and said, "Do you know where the bathroom is?" I did,
 having just been there. But I vowed on the spot that, should I ever be in a
 position to be accosted by fans, or faux fans, in a hallway, wanting to tell me
 about their life, I would always have something more constructive to say.

            
               Unless you really have
 to pee.
            

            Me:
 True. But I try to emulate country music stars--they may be assholes, but
 they're great to their public.

            
               Working on the asshole
 part?
            

            Me: You
 should talk.

            
               Right. So what besides
 that?
            

            Me:
 Nothing. Well, in every press interview I've ever had that goes over 25 words,
 two of them are "Garrison" and "Keillor." That gets to you pretty quick. They
 all want to talk about what we have in common, as if I'm doing Lutheran
 standup. I told one guy from Night Scene in Biloxi, Miss., that I was up
 to .
