
   
   
      
         
            

             

            Over the past few months
 in my cross-divisional capacity, I have been formulating plans for Microsoft to
 operate as a real player in the NY/LA Media and Entertainment nexus. This is
 the first of a number of directives I plan to issue to that end.

            As you are all aware,
 Microsoft has moved heavily into media, and our division is a key part of that
 strategy. After six months of study I have determined--through a ton of
 research and collaboration--that one of the key elements missing in the
 Microsoft culture is some sense of the hype, buzz, style, and attitude that are
 so key to success in the media and entertainment industries.

            If we want to play with
 the big boys in LA and NY, we have to dress like the big boys in LA and
 NY--even if we are girls.

            I hope that we will have
 your support in this effort to make us more competitive and Seattle a real hub
 for media and entertainment.

            Effective immediately, all
 media and editorial folks will conform to the following dress code:

            1) Wear more black. My
 suggestion is that one piece of black clothing be immediately visible at all
 times. Not only is it a good idea and slimming, it can help us to identify the
 greater and greater numbers of editorial- and media-type folks now working on
 our RedWest campus. (I wouldn't be surprised if traditional Microsofties
 started incorporating our fashion sense as well.) Which brings me to ...

            2) Polar fleece will be
 worn only under other items of clothing and only for the purpose of warmth on
 days that the thermometer in the cafeteria dips below freezing point at
 noon.

            3) Microsoft Training and
 Certification will immediately launch a new series of courses called "Dressing
 for Media." Each course will take only one morning to complete, and I think
 that all will find it quite useful. Pamela Lopez, a new employee from
 Vogue , will be leading the morning sessions for women, and is
 spearheading creation of the Day to Evening Makeup Web site.
