
   
   
      
         
            No. 203: &quot;Gloat, Little Gloat Worm&quot;

            
               Mattel, Al Gore,
 Landry's Seafood Restaurants, and Cruel Intentions can all make the same
 boast. What?
            

             

            by 5
 p.m. ET Sunday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               

                  Thursday's Question (No. 202)--"Death Sentence?": Under pressure from
 the Federal Trade Commission, R.J. Reynolds will add a single sentence to each
 print ad for Winston. Saying what?
               

            

            "Banned
 in California, but now qualifies as an assisted-suicide device in
 Oregon."-- Daniel Radosh
            

            "Due to
 interference from the Federal Trade Commission, R.J. Reynolds regrets to
 announce that it will no longer include a free toy in every pack of
 Winstons."-- Tim Carvell
            

            "No
 cartoon camels were used in the marketing of this product."-- Matt
 Sullivan ( Ian Henley and Kate Powers had similar
 answers.)

            "These
 fine tobacco products can be comfortably smoked through a tracheotomy
 hole."-- Larry Amaros (similarly, Stephen Golub and Meg
 Wolitzer)
            

            "Smoke
 up: Delaware needs a new capitol building!"-- James Poniewozik
            

            Click
 for more answers. 

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            After smoking a pack of Camels a day for a dozen
 years, I gave it up in 1985. I still miss it. Cigarettes stimulate thought,
 distract from woe, and require playing with matches. Cigarettes promote
 intimacy: What could be sexier than sharing a smoke, passing that small fire
 from hand to hand? Cigarettes impose form on your day; they are a means of
 demarcation: You smoke one after something and before something else. And they
 look so cool. I'd be smoking right now if it weren't for the part about the
 hideous respiratory illness and coughing away my life in a painful and
 protracted demise.

            I intend to resume the
 habit as a delight of old age; my first Social Security check will just about
 cover the cost of a carton.
