
   
   
      
         
            Pyrotechnical Difficulties

            The Los
 Angeles Times and the Washington Post lead with Janet Reno's reactions to
 the FBI flip-flop--after six years of denials, FBI officials admitted that
 "pyrotechnics" were used during the standoff with Branch Davidians in Waco.
 Reno has ordered an internal investigation. (The New York Times
 and USA
 Today front this story.) USAT leads with further developments in
 the Russian money laundering investigation. The NYT and the Wall Street
 Journal scrutinize the Bank of New York's involvement in the
 laundering, and the WP fronts the scandal's ramifications for Al Gore.
 The NYT leads local with New York's surprise flash floods. Between two
 and four inches of rain fell during the morning rush hour, effectively shutting
 down the subway and flooding many streets. The NYT, WP, and LAT
 all front photos of a triumphant Michael Johnson, who broke an 11-year-old
 world record in the 400-meter dash.

            The WP and USAT note Reno's call for an investigation, and
 stress the still unresolved question of the U.S. military's involvement in the
 affair. Technically, the military is barred from participating in domestic
 police work, but the WP details their involvement in the siege,
 including the presence of the Army's anti-terrorist Delta Force during the
 standoff. The Army claims they were there as observers. The investigation, to
 be conducted by 40 FBI officials, will attempt to explain why the fact that
 incendiary canisters of tear gas were used wasn't made public earlier.

            The NYT worries that Reno's desire to protect her own credibility
 will hinder the effectiveness of her investigation. Henry Ruth, a Watergate
 prosecutor who participated in the Treasury Department's investigation of the
 Waco assault, warned that keeping the investigation internal renders it useless
 and redundant: "If they don't reopen the whole thing now and actually use
 outside investigators, this will be like the Kennedy assassination for the next
 50 years.
