
   
   
      
         
            

            
               But
 enough about us--what do you think of Slate?
            

            As we noted in this space
 three weeks
 ago, the average Slate reader is intelligent, discerning, politically
 involved, culturally aware, and physically attractive. Also, of course,
 skeptical of cant and immune to flattery. But we'd like to know even more about
 you. Do you consume vast quantities of alcohol? Do you drive expensive
 cars--and trade them in often? Are you, by any chance, in the market for a
 Boeing jet fighter? A Ralph Lauren undershirt? A good book? A carton of milk?
 How many times a week do you have sex? Would you be willing to pay for it? Say,
 $19.95? (Or are you one of those people who think that sex, like Web sites,
 ought to always be free?) Are you, in short, the kind of reader advertisers are
 looking for? (Please say "yes.") Actually, what we mainly want to know about is
 you and Slate: how often you read it, in what form, what you like--and don't
 like--about it, and so on. Toward that end, we have composed an online reader
 survey. (Our e-mail delivery readers will receive their own version.) We would
 be grateful if you took a few minutes to fill it out. Thanks very much.
 Go to survey.

            
               Warning:
 Do not read this book review
            

            Also Monday, we post a
 review by
 James J. Cramer of The Microsoft Way by Randall E. Stross, a big new
 book about the well-known Seattle-based coffee--uh, we mean software--company.
 Slate's official editorial position about Microsoft is, of course, scrupulously
 neutral. We believe Microsoft is a marvelous flowering of the American
 entrepreneurial spirit, a boon to all mankind, a splendid example of employer
 benevolence at its finest, an institution beyond legitimate criticism of any
 sort, with a damned fine tuna tostada every Thursday in the cafeteria. But
 beyond that, we take no view. It is unfortunate, therefore, that we were
 tricked into publishing the highly biased opinions of Mr.
