
   
   
      
         
            No. 204: &quot;Stay!&quot;

            

               Who said this to whom about what: "Keep on doing what you're doing, and
 don't call us, we'll call you."
            

             

            by 5
 p.m. ET Sunday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               
                  Monday's Question
 (No. 203)--"Gloat, Little Gloat Worm":
               

               

                  Mattel, Al Gore, Landry's Seafood Restaurants, and Cruel
 Intentions can all make the same boast. What?
               

               "All
 can be purchased in Beijing."-- Daniel Radosh ( Greg Diamond and
 David Ballard had a similar answer.)

               "They
 are each based on a Jane Austen novel. (I could be wrong about Cruel
 Intentions .)"-- Andrew Silow-Carroll
               

               "Four
 things that drove Stanley Kubrick into self-imposed exile."-- Beth
 Sherman
               

               "Each
 would have had more effect on the Balkans peace process than Bob Dole
 did."--Joe Lengieza
               

               "One
 makes Skipper. One wakes Tipper. One bakes Flipper. And one ... to take a guess
 at what Peter Travers said in Rolling Stone , is 'like Les Liaisons
 Dangereuses , but much, much hipper!' "-- Meg Wolitzer
               

               Click
 for more answers.

               
                  Randy's
 Wrap-Up
               

               Ah, the smell of it. Many
 of you wallowed in the olfactory, particularly in the odor of corruption and
 fish. (If News Quiz were played by dogs, what a merry romp that would be!
 Crazy, hey? I give the Cabinet secretary; you give the scent.) Oscar nominee
 William Shakespeare alludes to fish aroma when he says, "Something is rotten in
 the state of Denmark." His was another example of the bisexual symbolism of
 fish; it is one of the few things used to represent both male and female
 genitalia. "Stinking fish" was a derogatory Elizabethan reference to vaginal
 odor; and cod--as in cod piece--was slang for penis.
