
   
   
      
         
            

            
               The
 Compleat Harry
            

            Not since Homer, the critics
 agree, has anyone produced an epic narrative like "O.J. by the Sea," Harry
 Shearer's series of dispatches from the O.J. Simpson civil trial. The entire
 series is, of course, available in "The Compost." But for Slate readers who wish to fondle this
 classic of our times, bind it in leather, display it on their coffee tables,
 and pass it along as a treasured heirloom to their children, we are proud to
 offer a new sort of instant book. The entire series has been repackaged as a
 Microsoft Word document (also as an Adobe Acrobat document), which can be
 downloaded, free as O.J., and printed out. Like our weekly print-out edition of
 Slate itself, "O.J. by the Sea" is nicely formatted in double columns for
 standard 8½-by-11 paper.

            Surgeon
 General's Warning: "The Compleat O.J. by the Sea" is 94,025 words long, and the
 printout is exactly 84 pages. (The file takes about six minutes to download at
 28.8K.) Keep in mind, though, that you can also download the file and read it
 on-screen.

            
               Let's
 Talk About You
            

            More than 3,600 Slate readers
 took the time to respond to our reader survey a few weeks back, for which we
 thank you. The results prove beyond a doubt that reading Slate is good for you.
 How else would Slate readers have acquired a median income of $75,000 to
 $100,000 and a median net worth of $250,000? Eighty-six percent of you claim to
 be college graduates, and 57 percent have postgraduate degrees (not all, we
 trust, from law school). You spend an average of 37 minutes a week reading
 Slate.

            Over half
 of you use Netscape as your browser. Nothing wrong with that, you understand.
 Some of our best friends use Netscape. Slate, of course, is happy--indeed,
 grateful--to welcome readers of all races, religions, genders, and browser
 preferences.

            

               Housekeeping Details
            

            If you haven't yet sampled
 our new, alternative "Table of Contents," go to the Contents page and click on the word
 "Date" right below the Slate logo.
