
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Hope for
 the Best
            

            "At this juncture, we all
 should hope for the best."

            So concludes an especially
 muddled editorial Feb. 25 in the Wall Street Journal . The muddle was
 understandable, given that the topic was on-again, off-again, on-again
 Whitewater Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr. The Journal 's editorial
 page spent the 1980s vilifying the whole idea of independent counsels as a
 scandalous waste of money and an unconstitutional infringement upon executive
 power. But that was when Lawrence Walsh was investigating President Reagan. Now
 that it's a Democratic president under investigation, the Journal is
 naturally conflicted. Its former thundering constitutional anathemas are now
 repositioned as genteel "doubts" about the "extra-legal character" of "an
 institution still evolving."

            Still, "At this juncture, we
 all should hope for the best" is remarkably unhelpful advice. Is there any
 editorial ever written to which this last sentence could not be attached?
 ("Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus. At this juncture, we all should hope
 for the best.") Have we missed some other juncture, in the course of human
 events, at which the Journal would not have recommended that we
 all hope for the best? Will the Journal inform its loyal readers when we
 may abandon the strain of hoping for the best and return to the less exhausting
 task of fearing the worst? Do we really need the distinguished Wall Street
 Journal editorial page to tell us to hope for the best? One might as well
 turn to the Journal 's news pages to be told to "buy low, sell high."

            When
 contemplating a high-risk course of action, such as hoping for the best, it is
 always advisable to get a second opinion. At this juncture, we consulted Bill
 Gates. Would he recommend hoping for the best? At this particular juncture? "My
 dear fellow," he said, "Don't hope for the best. Demand the best." And
 he added, "Buy low, sell high.
