
   
   
      
         
            Strange Justice's Strange Sexual Politics

            Do the makers of Strange Justice , Showtime's dramatization of a 1994
 book about the Clarence Thomas-Anita Hill episode, have secret Republican envy?
 The TV movie (which airs this Sunday at 8 p.m.) has already been criticized for
 its pro-Hill bias, as the book was. Like the book, the movie sides
 substantially with Hill. The book marshaled mountains of evidence to show that
 Hill was telling the truth when she said Thomas sexually harassed her and that
 Thomas was lying when he denied it. The movie leaves out the evidence but
 contrasts their behavior during the confirmation hearings. Hill is a
 thoughtful, self-searching, dignified, and reluctant witness. Thomas is a
 cipher, a man who lets himself be used as a pawn until he erupts in an
 unconvincing fit of rage before the Senate Confirmation Committee.

            A triumph for Democrats and feminists everywhere? Not exactly. Consider the
 puzzling way the movie depicts the sexual lives of its characters. The
 anti-hero of the movie is Kenneth Duberstein (Mandy Patinkin), the
 Machiavellian strategist who shepherded the candidate through the nomination
 process. A charismatic if not particularly sympathetic man, he gets most of the
 screen time, along with Thomas (Delroy Lindo). Both he and Thomas spend a lot
 of time at their respective homes, where they enjoy the fruits of
 Republican-style marriages. Their wives are sweet, loving, and endlessly
 supportive. Duberstein's wife gives him a pep talk in bed when he worries that
 Anita Hill might derail the nomination. Thomas' wife cradles him in her arms
 when he collapses in their bathroom; she calls him a warrior for God. In
 addition, Duberstein has a beautiful blonde assistant who dutifully tracks poll
 ratings, digs up dirt on Thomas' opponents, shakes her head at Hill's
 incomprehensible charges, and beams in delight when Thomas is confirmed.

            There are two intriguing cracks in this portrait of happy female
 subservience.
