
   
   
      
         
            

            
               A Tough
 Decision
            

            You might notice in the next
 few days, we hope, that Slate's pages are being served up to you a bit faster.
 (Well, this Thursday we were still serving up Wednesday's edition for a good
 part of the morning, but that's a different story.) The reason for the
 increased speed is new Web server software. This is the software we use to
 deliver pages to you.

            We knew
 it was time to upgrade, but we faced a dilemma: Which new server software
 should we choose? The software business is viciously competitive, of course,
 and we didn't make our choice lightly. Deputy Editor Jack Shafer headed an
 investigative team of editors, writers, developers, and a demographically
 correct cross section of Slate readers (83 percent male, 77 percent college
 graduates, 3.9 percent cross-dressers, 17 percent purchasers of a toaster or
 other electrical appliance in the past three months).

            Our ServerSearch 
               TM team traveled the
 globe in pursuit of the very best software for serving you, our readers. In an
 Eskimo village near the Arctic Circle in Alaska, they sampled server software
 made with whale blubber, as the natives have been doing it for thousands of
 years. In China, the team met a 6-year-old boy who has developed server
 software based on Confucian principles and the sayings of the late chairman
 Deng Xiaoping ("Better a pig with HTML than a donkey who knows DOS"). In
 Silicon Valley, they were wined, dined, and offered bribes by slick
 twentysomething CEOs of companies with names like Fraudicom, EgoSoft, and Greed
 Systems PLC.

            Back here
 in Redmond, the team rigorously tested each piece of software on genetically
 engineered laboratory mice. Could the mice design a Web page with working
 hyperlinks? Did they develop cancer or brain tumors? Did they turn into
 Internet bores? The software was then exposed to extreme conditions: zero
 gravity, below-freezing temperatures, peanut butter in the disk drive, elderly
 grandparents with their first computers, etc.
