
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Special
 "Sleep With Your Daughter" Issue
            

            By what we beg you to
 believe is a bizarre coincidence, this issue of Slate contains two articles
 that take a benign view of fathers sleeping with their daughters. (Depending on
 when you visit the site, one of these may already be in "The Compost." But it will
 still be available there.) To publish one article on this tawdry subject may be
 regarded as a slip-up; to publish two looks like an obsession. But sex between
 fathers and daughters is an unavoidable subject at the moment, because of
 Kathryn Harrison's memoir, The Kiss (Random House). Our senior
 contributor Ann Hulbert reviewed it last week, somewhat skeptically. This week,
 another regular Slate contributor, Luc Sante, comes to Harrison's
 defense against vitriolic reviewers (among whom he does not include
 Hulbert). Sante doesn't necessarily endorse father-daughter liaisons, of
 course, but he does endorse writing about them. (Next month we will publish a
 "Dialogue" between Harrison and one of her critics.)

            Our "The Earthling"
 columnist, Robert Wright, by contrast, does indeed endorse sleeping with your
 daughter. In fact, he says he's shared a bed with both his daughters--and his
 wife. Bob's daughters, we hasten to add, were infants at the time, and his
 column is an argument against "Ferberizing"--the near-universal American
 practice of training babies to sleep alone by ignoring their tears of
 loneliness and terror. Dr. Ferber says it's good for them. Mr. Wright
 disagrees. We'll see how his daughters turn out, and let you know in about 30
 years.

            Then there's our "Good
 Sport" contributor, Joel Achenbach, whose article on the
 thoroughbred-racing-stud system, "Emission
 Accomplished," is mostly a highly educational description of two horses
 mating. Birds and bees are not in the same league. As Achenbach is not vulgar
 enough to point out (but we are), his piece puts all those stories about
 Catherine the Great in a vivid new perspective.
