
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Slate: A
 Fashion Statement
            

            We certainly don't intend to
 be a magazine of fashion, either in the sense of being about clothing or in the
 sense of following the fashion in general matters. Yet, by one of those weird
 coincidences that less scrupulous publications sometimes turn into "special
 issues," we have posted two features relating to fashion (in the clothing
 sense) this week, and will post a third Wednesday.

            Our "Letter From
 Washington" concerns an admirable (but possibly doomed) campaign to improve
 the style sense on the Microsoft campus. Our "Tangled Web"
 column reports on (and follows, through links) the bizarre theories bouncing
 around the Internet about the unlikely figure of Tommy Hilfiger, producer of
 somewhat mysterious ads in many magazines and, apparently, of a line of
 clothing as well. Wednesday (April 16) brings "Clothes Sense," our regular
 monthly column from Anne Hollander. Anne's subject this month isn't exactly
 clothes--she writes about a show of Cartier jewelry at the Metropolitan Museum
 of Art in New York. But that's still fashion.

            You would
 assume, from this onslaught of sartorial hectoring, that the staff of Slate
 must dress in exquisite taste. And you would be correct. Any one of us could be
 transported from this sylvan landscape in Redmond, Wash., strewn with cow
 chips, computer chips, and potato chips, to the haughty elevators of the Condé
 Nast Building on Madison Avenue, and instantly fit right in--stylewise, at
 least. We pride ourselves on our fabrics. The staffs of other magazines have
 spats; we wear them. Other magazines employ heels; we wear them. Not long ago,
 Bill Gates saw one of Slate's program managers, Peter Randall, walking across
 the campus, and observed, to no one in particular, "I'd kill for that tie." But
 that turned out not to be necessary.

            
               Lawyer
 Cake
            

            If you haven't checked in
 since last week, two new "Dialogues" have started.
