
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Search
 and Ye Shall Find
            

            Starting this week, you can
 search Slate, including "The Compost" (our archive), for specific words or phrases. Use
 this feature to find articles by a particular author or a reference to a
 particular subject. Slate Search is located on the Compost page, but search
 results will include current articles (within a day of their posting) as well
 as older ones. (If Slate Search isn't available when you go to check, it will
 be shortly.) The rules are pretty simple:

            A search for Bill
 Gates (or Bill, Gates or Bill and Gates ) will find articles
 containing both the word bill 
               and the word
 gates .

            A search for "Bill
 Gates" (in quotes) will find articles containing the exact phrase bill
 gates .

            The search is not
 case-sensitive (i.e., capitalization doesn't matter).

            A few more
 pointers:

            It is possible to search for
 words other than Bill Gates , but that is not recommended, and Slate
 cannot be held responsible for the result.

            A search for "Bill
 Gates" will find only favorable references. To find unfavorable references,
 search somewhere else.

            
               You Can
 Make the Slate 60
            

            People make two justified
 complaints about our Slate 60 ranking of America's largest contributors to charity.
 Indeed, we make these complaints ourselves. First, the list is not a very
 accurate measure of sacrifice for good causes, since it doesn't factor in a
 person's wealth or income. In fact, few if any members of the Slate 60 have had
 to suffer any diminution of their lifestyle as a consequence of having given
 away money. Second, the Slate 60 list does not attempt to weigh the merits of
 different charities. Much of the money given away by the Slate 60 goes to
 finance new buildings at already wealthy universities.

            We think these defects aren't
 fatal.
