
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Medal
 Detector
            

            Col. David Hackworth,
 "America's Most Decorated Living Soldier" according to the man himself, is back
 in the news. Hackworth was instrumental in Newsweek 's story a year ago
 that Navy Chief of Staff Adm. Jeremy Boorda was wearing two medals he wasn't
 entitled to wear. Boorda committed suicide. Hackworth wrote in Newsweek ,
 "It is simply unthinkable an experienced officer would wear decorations he is
 not entitled to, awards that others bled for. There is no greater disgrace."
 Now it has come out that Hackworth himself was claiming two military
 decorations he wasn't entitled to claim: a Ranger Tab (indicating membership in
 a commando-style Ranger infantry unit) and a second Distinguished Flying Cross.
 Hackworth has now removed these decorations from the résumé on his home page.

            We can't
 resist noting that the first skeptical examination of Hackworth's career, his
 journalism, his military decorations, and his general trustworthiness occurred
 in Slate, last November ("Newsweek 's Major
 Embarrassment: He's Called Col. Hackworth"). The authors were David Plotz
 (associate editor of Slate) and Lt. Col. Charles Krohn (U.S. Army, retired).
 Newsweek dropped Col. Hackworth as a contributing editor at the end of
 last year. The Slate article went on to win a National Magazine Award, a
 Pulitzer, and the Nobel Prize for Literature.

            
               Life
 After Death
            

            Last
 week's "Strange Bedfellow" column by Jacob Weisberg, "Such a Deal: The
 Romance of Rent Control," misstated the title of Jane Jacobs' famous book,
 The Death and Life of Great American Cities . We had it as "The Life and
 Death ...," and, as Slate reader Dan Luscher of San Francisco points out, "The
 difference is meaningful."

            
               More
 Stuff
            

            Slate uncorks a gusher of
 new editorial features this week. Look for "Egghead" today, the
 other two beginning Wednesday, May 28.
