
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Slate: A
 Policy Statement
            

            In light of continuing
 concerns about the power and ambitions of our parent company, the Microsoft
 Corp., we at Slate would like to offer the following declaration of our own
 policy and goals. This policy statement was prepared without consultation, and
 applies only to Slate.

            Our goal at Slate, quite
 simply, is to own political and cultural commentary in this country, the
 industrialized nations, and ultimately in the developing regions as well. The
 whole world, basically. We will use any means necessary to achieve this end,
 including competition, both fair and unfair, wholesale buying up of potential
 rivals, strategic partnerships and alliances, strategic betrayals of partners
 and allies, theft, bribery, murder, and, if necessary, putting out a
 high-quality product.

            Someday, if you want an
 opera criticism, an analysis of the latest tax proposal, or a profile of some
 obscure academic, you'll have no choice but to come to us. Building on our
 domination of these areas, we will extend our reach into popular culture,
 gradually monopolizing movie and television reviews and interviews with
 brainless celebrities. Ultimately, our towering position, as well as economies
 of scale in the production of opinion and analysis, will make resistance
 futile. At that point, we will control the industry and be able to extract the
 rich monopoly profits waiting to be had from poetry, book reviews, essays
 pleading for entitlement reform, explanations of developments in foreign
 countries, and similar product lines.

            We will, of course, continue
 to support all platforms: liberal, conservative, libertarian, vegetarian, UNIX.
 We are committed to producing opinions that are compatible with all standard
 political labels and work equally well for Democrats and Republicans. We
 foresee a day when all viewpoints on every subject are equally comfortable for
 anyone to swallow, and when the frustrating cacophony of today's political and
 cultural debate is replaced by easy-to-use modules of predigested viewpoints
 that can be downloaded from the Web with a simple credit-card transaction.
