
   
   
      
         
            Serb and Destroy Mission

            The biggest news today is a startling development: British commandos, with
 U.S. logistic support and full NATO and Hague backing, moved in on two Bosnian
 Serb officials accused of war crimes, killing one in a firefight and capturing
 the other. It was NATO's first attempt to arrest suspected war criminals in the
 Balkans. The Washington Post and New York Times
 lead with the story. USA Today also puts it high on the right-side of its front,
 although its top story is the FBI's decision to draw down the criminal
 investigation of the TWA 800 crash. The Los Angeles
 Times leads instead with yesterday's revelation from the Senate's
 campaign fund-raising hearings that two California entrepreneurs got $650,000
 via separate wire transfers from banks in China and Japan within days of making
 major donations to the Democratic Party, and relegates the Bosnian operation to
 a little box below the fold. The NYT also gives prominent above-the-fold
 space to the hearings, but in the Post , they don't even make the front
 page.

            The LAT senses a Watergate-like trail of money here, quoting Charles
 Lewis of the Washington-based watchdog group, the Center for Public Integrity,
 saying, "Wire transfers of the kind described are Exhibit A of
 criminality."

            The LAT is also above the fold with the news that, despite initial
 reservations, President Clinton has decided to support a Senate proposal that
 would raise Medicare premiums for people making more than $50,000. The piece
 states this stance could set off a rift within Democratic ranks.

            Back to the Bosnian operation: The NYT says that the captured man was
 taken at the hospital where he worked by British troops who entered "under
 cover." But you have to read the LAT to find out that the Brits were
 "posing as Red Cross workers on a humanitarian aid mission." Hey, wouldn't we
 complain about that?

            Some great details today in the Wall Street Journal 's front-page feature about the road to
 the tobacco settlement.
