
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Fool's
 Paradise
            

            In the business world there
 used to be deals or, sometimes, partnerships. These days, there are strategic
 alliances. The term "strategic alliance" is intended to 1) sound glamorous and
 forward-thinking; and 2) obscure the actual nature of the relationship. It can
 cover anything from an actual merger to an occasional lunch. (It is an
 entertaining parlor game to read about some new strategic alliance, especially
 in the high-tech world, and try to guess who--if anyone--is paying whom. The
 answer is often far from obvious.)

            Slate, of course, wishes to
 be glamorous and forward-thinking. So we are pleased to begin this week a
 strategic alliance with the Motley Fool. The Fool, as many readers are aware, is one of the
 most entertaining, illuminating, and successful online financial sites, with
 outlets on both America Online and the Web. The Slate/Fool strategic alliance
 will consist of lavish expressions of mutual admiration, cross-links between
 our sites at even the least plausible opportunity, and exchanges of T-shirts,
 baseball caps, and other logo paraphernalia. In addition, the Fool will be
 providing, exclusively for Slate, a weekly business column. The column is not
 about stock tips or breaking news, but rather is intended to be a discerning
 backgrounder on business issues, somewhat in the style of Slate's "The Gist." (And who's paying
 whom? Guess.) Slate's first "Fool" is about the corporate fashion for changing
 names.

            Next
 week, by the way, we will continue to ramp up our business coverage with
 "Maximum Wage," a monthly column by Graef (Bud) Crystal, America's leading
 authority on CEO compensation. (His article on Mike Ovitz's notorious $90
 million severance package from Disney appeared in Slate a few months back.) Each column
 will analyze the pay of one or more top executives who are of interest for
 being paid too much or (occasionally) too little.
