
   
   
      
         
            &quot;Time To Clear out the Eurotrash&quot;

            The mass resignation early
 Tuesday morning of all 20 members of the European Commission--universally
 characterized as the most serious institutional crisis in the 42-year history
 of the European community--dominated European papers Wednesday. The
 Brussels-based commission is responsible for the day-to-day affairs of the
 15-member European Union and enforces EU law. An investigation into charges of
 fraud, corruption, and cronyism found evidence of incompetence, mismanagement,
 and loss of political control. Although one commissioner, former French Prime
 Minister Edith Cresson, was singled out for particularly strong criticism,
 commission President Jacques Santer said the body chose "by unanimity to resign
 collectively."

            
               Le Soir of Belgium supported the
 dramatic gesture of unity since "it is too late for half-measures or for soft,
 evasive answers" and claimed the resignations were needed because the
 commission "suffers from a democracy deficit and therefore a lack of
 legitimacy. ... To counterbalance this [it] has to be perfect, spotless." In
 contrast, the Euro-skeptic Times of London speculated that the collective action might,
 in fact, represent a further avoidance of individual responsibility, and
 worried about the possible "renomination" of the entire commission (an idea
 floated by Santer Tuesday): "This supposedly cathartic drama could end up as a
 'Japanese' purge, in which heads roll only to ensure that things continue much
 as before, with much the same discredited cast. That would be an outrage."

            France's Le Monde
                saw a silver lining in the crisis and
 said the institution had to seize this opportunity to
 "clean up its administrative and financial habits, improve its decision-making
 process and, most of all, rediscover the inspiration and drive it has lost.
 This might even mean increasing its funding and staffing levels." The
 Guardian of
 London pointed out that the commission's problems were partly caused by
 the expansion of its responsibilities as it "found itself taking on ever more
 grandiose tasks, largely on the demand of member states, with progressively
 more limited resources.
