
   
   
      
         
            Mo' beta SLATE.

            
               Mo' Beta
 Slate
            

            Slate proudly announces
 Slate Explorer, a new way to navigate through the delights of slate.com. (So
 why didn't we name it Slate Navigator ? We dunno. Explorer just seemed
 more euphonious, somehow.) We think it's pretty darn cool (a technical
 software industry term, used to imply strong feelings of affirmation), and hope
 you will as well. (Click here for instructions on how to download Slate
 Explorer.)

            And what is Slate Explorer?
 It's a poem, an ice cream cone on a hot summer day, the smell of Styrofoam when
 you crack open that box containing your new computer. It's ... well, it's a
 small program, actually, that puts a small box on your Windows desktop. (Sorry,
 it doesn't work on Macs. Yes, we know, we know. ... But to be fair, it doesn't
 work on Windows 3.1 either. It does work on Windows 95 or Windows NT 4.0.)
 Click on the little arrow, and the box expands horizontally into a list of
 Slate's major categories (Briefing, Columns & Features, Back of the Book,
 Dispatches & Dialogues, Utilities). Click on a category, and it expands
 vertically into a list of current contents. Click on one of these listings, and
 the article will appear.

            Slate Explorer works, in
 most cases, even when you're not online. When you select an article, the
 program will launch your browser and initiate a Web connection. When you are
 online, Slate Explorer will automatically update itself, even if--for some
 inexplicable reason--you're not reading Slate at the moment. It's all a bit
 hard to explain, but fun to try.

            Now, listen carefully. This
 is a beta release of Slate Explorer. "Beta" is a software industry term
 for a product that is perhaps just a teensy bit short of absolute perfection,
 but is being released anyway because we just can't wait anymore--or rather,
 because we want to let the software-using community share in the excitement of
 finding any last-minute bugs.
