
   
   
      
         
            Hellfire and dalmations.

            
               Hellfire
 and Dalmatians
            

            Doggonit! Way back, last
 December, Slate warned the world not to believe all the Disney propaganda about
 the charm of Dalmatian puppies. Contrary to 101 Dalmatians --in either
 its original cartoon format or last year's real-people-and-real-dogs
 remake--Dalmatians are not cute. As David Plotz
 reported: "Dalmatians are high-strung. They're hyperactive. They bark too
 much. They're bad with children. They shed constantly. They're hard to train.
 ... They are, in short, lousy pets." Ignoring (or possibly, though it is hard
 to imagine, unaware of) this sage counsel, many families went straight from the
 multiplex to the pet store and brought home a spotted darling of their own.

            Now these families are
 saying, with Lady Macbeth, "Out, damned Spot!" According to the New York
 Times (building on earlier reports from WABC and the Columbia Journalism
 Review ), Dalmatians are being abandoned in droves. "Animal shelters say
 owners have found the dogs high-strung, willful and aggressive." Furthermore,
 there are "health problems associated with overbreeding," including "deafness
 and urinary tract problems." (These problems are manifest, in case you were
 wondering, in the offspring that result from overbreeding, not in the dogs on
 overbreeding duty.)

            Animal
 rights activists are predicting another wave of Dalmatian refugees when a new
 TV series based on the movie begins airing. Please: Avoid taking animals home
 just because they seemed cute on the screen. People too, for that matter.

            
               Lion and
 Lamb
            

            As some
 readers may have learned in Time or the Wall Street Journal this
 week, Slate and America Online have come to an agreement on a new relationship.
 Beginning soon, Slate will be an "anchor tenant" on AOL's Newsstand. (For more
 details, check out the press release.
