
   
   
      
         
            SLATE tosses its cookies.

            
               Slate
 Tosses Its Cookies
            

            One can lead a happy and
 fulfilling life, and even use the Internet contentedly, without understanding
 "cookies." So if you don't know what "cookies" are--in the computer sense--go
 in peace and consider yourself fortunate. But if you have ventured into the
 wonderful world of cookies, you may be one of those folks who is alarmed about
 them. This is completely unnecessary. Cookies are merely special messages a Web
 site's computer sends to your computer when you drop by to visit--for example,
 "Have a nice day," or, "End child abuse now," or, "Wipe out this person's hard
 drive on his next birthday," or, "Psst ... hey, buddy. Yeah, you with the
 pathetic 486 chip and the broken CD-ROM. Mr. G says there's an extra 8 megs of
 memory for you if you crash when she tries to install Netscape." All perfectly
 innocent.

            Nevertheless, a few cookie
 paranoiacs have set their browsers to alert them when a cookie is heading their
 way. And some of them have complained that this notice pops up a lot when
 they're reading Slate. Slate actually uses very few cookies. For example, we
 tell your browser to remember the date of your visit. When you come back the
 next time, your computer sends that date back to ours. If it's still the same
 day, we don't feed you the cover again but take you straight to the Table of
 Contents. Similarly, we use cookies to remember whether you prefer your
 contents listed by page number or by date of posting, and to remember which
 entry in a "Dispatch" or "Dialogue" you last read. All perfectly innocent.

            But we
 did investigate these complaints, and it turned out that our server computers
 were sending jars and jars of cookies we didn't need. To emphasize: This was
 information from us going into your computer, not information
 from you going into ours. And it really was harmless stuff. Nevertheless, we
 have turned off these superfluous cookies.
