
   
   
      
         
            Free, Cool, and Out of Beta

            
               Free,
 Cool, and Out of Beta
            

            Slate
 Explorer is out of beta, meaning that it is no longer considered experimental.
 It is safe to download--and we strongly urge you to do so without fear. Slate
 Explorer is a free little program that makes it easier to find your way around
 Slate. It tells you what's in each day's issue; it takes you to the page you
 want; and it even fires up your browser for you if you're not online at the
 moment. Slate Explorer has been awarded Slate magazine's "Cool Software of the
 Month" citation, beating out Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0, among other
 products. "It's um, you know, really cool," explained the chairman of the
 judges' panel, Slate Software Design Engineer David Milligan. Click here to find out more, and to download Slate Explorer. Just to
 clarify what it is, it is 1) free and 2) cool. That's, um, what it is.

            
               Baked
 While You Sleep
            

            Our "Today's Papers"
 feature, begun three months ago, is a big success. More than 20,000 people have
 signed up for e-mail delivery of Today's Papers, and another 8,000 to 10,000
 read it every day (six days a week) on the Web. (You can sign up for e-mail
 delivery right on the Today's Papers page or by clicking here.) Most of the feedback we get is positive. But we do get
 several complaints a week about misspellings, grammatical errors, and so on.
 These readers ask: Don't you edit this thing?

            The simple, eloquent answer
 is: No. Here is why. The author of this feature, Scott Shuger, lives in Los
 Angeles. He cannot start work until the next day's papers are posted on the Web
 at various times in the evening, and he must have it finished by 3:30 a.m. PDT
 so that we can get it posted on our site and delivered to people's e-mail by
 early morning on the East Coast. We think Scott does a remarkable job given
 these working conditions, and that the hour ought to excuse a few typos and
 other minor mistakes.
