
   
   
      
         
            Now He Tells Us

            
               Now He
 Tells Us
            

            So we
 were reading the Washington Post on Wednesday--online, of course--when
 we came across a report of a speech by Bill Gates at Cambridge University.
 We're always interested in what Bill Gates has to say because--well, obviously.
 You would be too, would you not? Anyway, this speech was especially interesting
 to us. According to the Post :

            The computer genius
 sketched out his rosy vision of a future world of technology-loving households
 [... yeah, yeah ...] and schools in which computers enhance the learning
 process [... sure, buddy ...]. ... But he conceded that sometimes the
 old ways are still the best. He prefers magazines the way they come in the
 mail , he confessed, and he cannot read anything longer on his computer
 screen than a three-page memo.

            Whoa. These words came as
 quite a shock to those of us who have spent the past year and a half trying to
 develop, on behalf of the Microsoft Corp., a magazine whose distinguishing
 characteristic is that it does not come in the mail. Although we
 disagree with Mr. Gates about the best way to read magazines, we do agree that
 sometimes the old way is still the best. For example, we generally prefer
 typewriters to Microsoft Word, and we find that our sturdy abacus crashes less
 often than Excel.

            Lesser
 online magazines might find it discouraging to learn that their own proprietor
 prefers magazines that come in the mail. And there were tears, of course, even
 at Slate--mainly from the software developers, a notoriously sensitive lot. But
 ultimately we at Slate invoked the true Microsoft spirit and took this as a
 challenge. A two-pronged challenge, actually. The first challenge was how to
 prevent Bill Gates from finding out that his company publishes an online
 magazine. The second challenge was to misrepresent (or "spin," to use the
 vernacular) his remarks to the general public.

            The second part is easy.
