
   
   
      
         
            Intimations of the Triple Nothing Burger
            

            Issue 1 is Janet Reno's admission of the use of government pyrotechnics at
 Waco. A distant second is abortion and the GOP.

            Despite Reno's assertion that the pyrotechnics almost certainly did not
 cause the Waco fire, the commentariat thinks her admission hurts the
 government's credibility and demonstrates that Reno is honest but clueless,
 bordering on incompetent (Steve Roberts and Susan Page, of CNN's Late
 Edition ; Mark Shields and Margaret Carlson, of CNN's Capitol
 Gang ; and Fox News 
               Sunday's Brit Hume). Capitol

               Gang's Robert Novak and Kate O'Beirne think Reno's revelation proves
 that continued interest in Waco is not just the occupation of lunatic
 right-wingers. A few dissenters--such as Fox's Juan Williams--argue
 that Waco's importance is overblown.

            Several shows react to the recent abortion fudges by John McCain and George
 W. Bush--in which both candidates assert their pro-life bona fides while
 downplaying the importance of the issue. Tucker Carlson ( Late Edition )
 and O'Beirne think McCain's and Bush's balancing acts show that the pro-life
 movement is still to be reckoned with. Others, like Novak and Margaret Carlson,
 think that GOP elites have shifted abortion rhetoric away from the hard-line
 stances taken by past Republican leaders and still followed by grassroots
 Christians.

            ABC's This Week spends most of its round-table discussing a focus
 group it conducted of conservative New Hampshire Republicans. Among the
 findings: The voters approve of George W.'s equivocations on the cocaine
 question--largely because they resent the perceived arrogance of the media;
 they cannot agree what the correct GOP stance on abortion and gun control
 should be; and they now hate Newt Gingrich and love Bush the Elder, whom they
 regret abandoning in '92. All the pundits on This Week agree that the
 focus group's warm fuzzies for both Bushes underscore the GOP's shift away from
 the fiery, Reagan-invoking rhetoric of the 1995 House.
