
   
   
      
         
            Hey, Ralph! Where Do You Want To Go Today?

            
               Hey,
 Ralph! Where Do You Want To Go Today?
            

            Ralph Nader, the legendary
 consumer advocate, recently announced plans for a conference called "Appraising
 Microsoft and Its Global Strategies." In response, Microsoft's Office of
 Special Services has asked Slate to extend a public invitation to Nader to
 visit the corporate campus here in Redmond. The OSS specializes in making
 people who want to appraise Microsoft's global strategies feel loved. Our
 initial response was that we didn't wish to be used in that manner. But the OSS
 internal liaison officer reasoned, "Look, bud, do you know who you're dealing
 with here?" And we took that to be a fair point.

            Plans are
 well advanced to make Nader's day at Microsoft a delight. It will start with a
 magnificent rainstorm, which will hit just as Ralph emerges from the airport
 terminal. (He never carries an umbrella. "Do you know how many microbes there
 are on the typical umbrella handle?") As the Microsoft host team will explain
 to Nader, the company has acquired El Niño in an all-cash offer. Other weather
 patterns may be acquired in the future. No "global strategy" involved! The sole
 purpose is to provide weather users with a more consistent meteorological
 interface. A wide variety of weather will continue to be offered free of
 charge--to all registered users--because, well, that's just the kind of company
 we are. Certain select weather patterns (e.g., sunshine) will be fee-based,
 although eight days of balmy weather will come bundled with Office 2000.

            Nader will be met and driven from the airport to campus in
 the company Corvair. A gala luncheon in his honor at the company cafeteria will
 feature Microsoft Food Service's justly famous high-nitrite hot dogs and
 unlimited seconds at the Additives Bar. After lunch, Nader will be given a
 sneak preview of Windows 98, to be made out of safety glass.
