
   
   
      
         
            If it's Tuesday, This Must Be Slate

            
               If It's
 Tuesday, This Must Be Slate
               
            

            On Tuesday, Nov. 4, we
 unveil the latest version of our contents or home page. (Maybe even a day or
 two sooner if 
                  Slate
               's hearty software developers are willing to
 suspend their centuries-old common-law right to a three-hour lunch break,
 double helpings of Caesar salad and salmon hash, and 1.3 liters of a tolerable
 sauvignon blanc, followed by a nap of at least two hours' duration. As provided
 in the ancient Codewriters' Code , which dates back to ancient
 Sumeria--or is it Sumatra?--management is forbidden to wake them but may send
 them back to their computers if they awaken by natural means before closing
 time.) Where was I? Oh yes, our new contents page. We hope you like it. It's
 intended to be simpler and clearer, to require less scrolling, and to draw more
 attention to our "Back of the Book" culture section. This new page is not to be
 confused with our (also fairly new) Internet Explorer 4.0 contents page,
 designed to take advantage of the capabilities of the Internet Explorer 4.0
 browser. Users of that browser can choose the version they prefer. And those of
 any browser, race, or creed who prefer our "by date" contents page, which lists
 all current 
                  Slate
                articles and features in reverse chronological
 order--i.e., today's new stuff on top, then yesterday's, and so on--can still
 get that one, too.

            Future
 offerings will include tables of contents sorted alphabetically (by title, by
 author, by opening sentence), by author's height (or religion or preference in
 beers), by the editor's confidential opinion of the article's merits, by Bill
 Gates' opinion of the article's merits, by the amount the author was paid, and
 by the number of appearances of the phrase "irrational exuberance" or
 "distinguishing characteristic.
