
   
   
      
         
            Hackathalon

            
               The
 Hackathlon
            

            Fred Barnes, the Washington
 commentator, is (we think) the original source of a profound insight on the
 nature of journalism--indeed, on human nature. "The most important quality any
 piece of writing can have," he says, "is doneness ." (A related remark is
 attributed to Gloria Steinem: "I don't like writing. I like having
 written.")

            It is in this spirit that

                  Slate
                this week kicks off its first annual "Hackathlon." The
 Hackathlon will be officiated by Deputy Editor Jack Shafer, who apparently
 feels there isn't enough bad writing in 
                  Slate
               . Four
 self-proclaimed hacks (insert earnest demurral here: Oh, no, they're actually
 extremely talented, etc., etc., etc.) will compete in trying to produce a piece
 in a hurry. Readers will vote on whose work comes closest to resembling a
 respectable work of journalism. Since true hackability is fearless and
 fungible, the contestants will be tested in a variety of journalistic
 genres.

            This year's hackathletes
 are: Malcolm Gladwell of The New Yorker , Michael Specter of the New
 York Times , Hanna Rosin of the New Republic , and Geoffrey Wheatcroft
 of British publications too numerous to mention. The Hackathlon is a
 world-class event: Gladwell will be filing from New York City; Specter from
 Moscow; Rosin from Washington, D.C.; and Wheatcroft from Bath, England. Shafer
 will officiate from Redmond, Wash. Here are Shafer's instructions to the
 players:

            "Each Saturday, I will
 e-mail each hack a Hackathlon topic, a cheat sheet (notes, quotes, and facts),
 and the name of a specific publication whose style each hack is expected to
 ape. The hacks will have two hours to complete the assignment and e-mail me at
 Hack Central. If any hack takes longer than two hours to complete his/her
 assignment, we will report this transgression on the page with his/her
 copy.
