
   
   
      
         
            Then and Now

            
               Then and
 Now
            

            Jacob
 Weisberg's "Strange Bedfellow" column this week comes to the defense of
 Seymour Hersh's new book on JFK, which is surfing a tidal wave of derision to
 the best-seller list. We hope Weisberg's revelation that the book is not as
 awful as people say it is won't hurt its sales too much. Meanwhile, the
 reminder of how much fun Kennedy had in the White House raises once again the
 question: Could a president get away with it today? And the even more
 intriguing question: OK, how? Fortunately, those vital questions were answered
 by 
                  Slate
               's David Plotz last year in his definitive study
 "Could Clinton Cheat? The logistics of presidential adultery." As far as we
 know, the president has not taken advantage of Plotz's advice during the past
 year.

            
               Heads
 Up
            

            For the past couple of weeks
 we have been posting quietly, in primitive form, a new 
                  Slate
               
 feature that emerges fully this week. Called "Pundit
 Central," it is, to start, a summary and analysis--posted Monday
 morning--of who said what on the weekend political talk shows and how the ball
 was moved as a result on various issues. It will also treat the print pundits,
 though less comprehensively. Like our other Briefing features, Pundit Central
 can be used either as a guide for what to read and watch or as an efficient
 (and, we hope, entertaining) substitute for reading and watching.

            In case Pundit Central whets
 your appetite instead of sating it, the page includes an extensive set of links
 to Web sites where the pundits and panjandrums can be found in their full
 glory. Come to Pundit Central, and you'll never want for an opinion again.
 You'll be able to mix 'n' match, say, David Broder from the Washington
 Post on the new Paris fashions, Maureen Dowd from the New York Times
 on local traffic conditions, and Liz Smith of Newsday on the Thai
 currency crisis to create your own op-ed dream team.
