
   
   
      
         
            Supplies Are Unlimited, But Order Now Anyway

            
               Supplies
 Are Unlimited, but Order Now Anyway
            

            You have just a few more
 days--until March 9--to sign up for your Charter Subscription to

                  Slate
               . After that date, only paying subscribers will have full
 access to the site, e-mail-delivery services, "The Compost," "The Fray," and so
 on. To be perfectly honest, subscriptions will continue to be available after
 March 9 (on the Internet, you don't run out). So why subscribe now? Well, we're
 giving away a 
                  Slate
                umbrella or a Microsoft Encarta Virtual Globe
 with each paid sub--and those really might run out. Or suppose it's 3 a.m. and
 you can't sleep, so you decide to turn on the old machine and check if there's
 a new 
                  Slate
                "Chatterbox" item--but you've left your wallet and
 credit cards in the bedroom and don't want to wake your wife. You'd be stuck
 playing Solitaire. Keep in mind that your sub begins March 9 even if you sign
 up early. And only charter subscribers are guaranteed the $19.95 annual rate
 for as long as they renew. So click here to
 subscribe, and do it now. Our computers are standing by to take your order.
 You may also subscribe by phone at (800) 706-3330. Or by fax, camel, blood
 transfusion, or any other way we can figure out. Go to our subscription page
 (https://www.slate.com/code/reg3/signup.asp), or send e-mail to
 SlateBill@msn.com for
 details. Many thanks.

            
               You May
 Already Be a Loser
            

            
               
                  Slate
                has
 launched two new interactive puzzles in the past week: a weekly Web maze game
 called "Six Degrees of Francis Bacon" and a Monday-Thursday

                  Slate
                "News Quiz." They offer fun, intellectual stimulation, and insight
 on the Web and the news.
