
   
   
      
         
            Nixon's Monica Stonewalls, Part II

            Monica Crowley, the Fox News political analyst and author of two books about
 her former boss, Richard Nixon, is annoyed with Chatterbox for characterizing
 her stance toward her plagiarism controversy (see "
 Nixon's Monica Stonewalls About Plagiarism!") as "stonewalling." She told
 Chatterbox (who finally reached her today by phone): "I did not stonewall you
 or the issue." She hadn't returned Chatterbox's earlier queries because she was
 on vacation, she said; and she'd already explained herself to Felicity
 Barringer of the New York Times .

            But careful readers of Chatterbox's earlier item--about the striking
 similarities between a recent Op-Ed piece Crowley wrote for the Wall Street
 Journal and an essay written 11 years earlier by Paul Johnson for
 Commentary-- will note that Chatterbox had already allowed for the
 possibility that Crowley was on vacation. They will also note that Crowley's
 comment as quoted in the Times --that "I have not read" Johnson's
 piece--seemed, under the circumstances, to be less than truthful. It was mainly
 in reference to this Times quote that Chatterbox was accusing Crowley of
 "stonewalling." And guess what? Crowley--who confirmed to Chatterbox that she's
 currently writing a Liddy Dole profile for Talk magazine--is
 still stonewalling!

            To review: No fewer than five passages in Crowley's Op-Ed, a tribute
 to Nixon pegged to the 25th anniversary of his resignation, were worded in ways
 that were identical or nearly identical to passages in the Johnson article.
 (Scroll down to the bottom of Chatterbox's 
 earlier item to assess the extremely damaging evidence.) It isn't
 possible that Crowley never read Johnson's piece. When the Journal
 got wind of the similarities, it published an editor's note saying it wouldn't
 have published Crowley's piece had it been aware of the "striking similarities
 in phraseology."

            Crowley now says she does not remember making the absolute statement ("I
 have not read") that the Times attributed to her.
