
   
   
      
         
            We Happy Few

            
               We Happy
 Few
            

            About 17,000 people had
 signed up for 
                  Slate
                by the middle of this week, a day or so after
 we became a paid-access site. For reasons explained in "Readme" last
 week, we're very pleased with that number. Thanks, and welcome to all our
 members. And to those of you who are reading this on our "front porch" (free
 area): Come on in! Click here to subscribe.

            Keep in mind that in
 America, you get what you pay for. The version of this column available only to
 subscribers is not the rather perfunctory sales pitch you see before you. It is
 an extravaganza of witty jokes, brilliant political insights, the startling
 confessions of five women who claim to have slept with President Clinton in the
 past week (three of whom say they also slept with Special Prosecutor Ken Starr,
 one simultaneously), the details of Microsoft's plans to incorporate Puerto
 Rico into the next generation of its Internet browser, a sonnet in memory of
 Lloyd Bridges, a special offer for laundry detergent, and a secret password
 that will get you into the hidden pages of any sadomasochistic site on the Web
 (with the exception of amazon.com).

            
 Subscribers will confirm that it's heaven on this side of the wall: The sun
 always shines, all people are beautiful and kind, there is rice pudding for
 dessert--and seconds! So please do join us.

            
               A Quiet
 Word to Subscribers
            

            If anyone
 asks, please do us a favor and confirm the preposterous lies in the preceding
 item. Feel free to substitute your favorite dessert or to embroider and
 fabricate generally. We're all in this together now.

            

               Navigational Notes
            

            Those reading

                  Slate
                on Internet Explorer 4 should be sure to take advantage of
 the new "nav bar" that runs across the top of each page.
