
   
   
      
         
            We Don't Like Your Altitude

            
               We Don't
 Like Your Altitude
            

            One of our goals at

                  Slate
                is to provide what we call "intelligent synthesis" of the
 news of the week. Through features such as "Frame Game" (see
 William Saletan's analysis of the dismissal of the Paula Jones lawsuit), we
 hope to provide a deeper understanding than a conventional news summary would
 enable, but without the time-wasting encrustation of quotations and anecdotes
 that clogs the typical newspaper or magazine story.

            We like to think that in our
 small way, we're having some influence on the conventional media, too. For
 example, a few days ago, the New 
               York 
               Times ran this
 headline: "Plane's Altitude Blamed in Crash That Killed 33." There, in
 remarkably few words, the Times gets to the essence of a complicated
 story. Altitude problems caused the crash! What more, after all, does one need
 to know? Pedants may quibble that the problem was, more precisely, a lack of
 altitude, but that is a small point. The larger conceptual breakthrough is the
 Times ' discovery of the single factor--altitude, or the lack
 thereof--that can explain all plane crashes past and future. Solve the altitude
 problem, and no one need fear boarding an airplane ever again.

            We who
 write headlines as part of our jobs are used to being underappreciated for the
 contribution we make to human betterment. We are ordinarily happy to labor in
 anonymity: No one ever gets a byline for a headline, however brilliant. But
 this is a special case. Some toiler on the Times copy desk has completed
 the great work begun by the Wright Brothers. They lifted humankind up; he or
 she has figured out how to keep us there. It all depends on having the right
 altitude. Surely a Pulitzer is called for, if not a Nobel.

            
               More for
 Your $19.95
            

            We'll be
 trying a few new editorial features next week.
