
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Calling
 All Poets
            

            Since 
                  Slate
               's
 first issue, which included a poem by Seamus Heaney, we have published only
 poems solicited by our poetry editor, Robert Pinsky. That policy has helped to
 establish 
                  Slate
                as a place to read and publish poetry. The policy
 was also a necessity, since we didn't have a way to screen submissions. Now,
 with a screening system in place, we are pleased to announce that we are
 accepting submissions of unsolicited poetry.

            Now listen closely. Poetry
 submitted for publication must be sent by snail mail (i.e., stamped paper mail)
 and accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. (No e-mail submissions,
 please.) Manuscripts should have the author's name and address on each page and
 should be sent to 
                  Slate
                Poetry, 236 Bay State Road, Boston, MA
 02215. And don't forget the envelope!

            
               
                  Slate
               
 publishes one poem every week. You can read it and also listen to it in the
 voice of the author (or, if the author is dead, in the voice of Robert Pinsky).
 Click here for this
 week's poem, and here for a complete list of and links to poems published in

                  Slate
               .

            

               
                  Slate Week Off, Um, We Mean, Slate Special Issue

            
               Time magazine, we
 hear, is putting out a special issue today, Wednesday, because of the historic
 importance of this week's events involving oral sex in the White House. This
 special issue will replace next week's regular issue of Time . Here at

                  Slate
                we also are closing a full week's issue today, but to be
 honest it's simply because it's August and we want Thursday and Friday off.

            On second thought, though,
 why be honest? We're not under oath or anything.
