
   
   
      
         
            No Cigar

            
               No
 Cigar
            

            You already know what that
 headline refers to, don't you? But how do you know?

            In
 "Readme" recently
 we told of how a British newspaper tried to evade Britain's absurd Official
 Secrets Act by inviting 
                  Slate
                to publish an article by a former
 spy making spectacular charges against the British intelligence services. The
 idea was that once an American online publication--accessible in Britain--had
 told the tale, the British press could report that we had reported it. We
 ultimately declined this opportunity, reasoning that we could not honestly
 maintain that publication in Britain was merely "incidental," since the instant
 worldwide accessibility of 
                  Slate
                was, in fact, the whole point.
 The story was picked up, though, by a more provincial publication--the New
 York Times --which could more credibly make that claim. And thus the British
 papers were free to tell the tale.

            In the past week or so, oddly, the same process has
 happened in reverse. A story that almost no American publication will report
 directly has been widely reported anyhow, sort of, in part in the form of
 reporting that the story has been reported in England. The story involves
 President Clinton, Monica Lewinsky, and a cigar, and allegedly is part of the
 special prosecutor's as-yet-unwritten report to Congress. The current status of
 this story is extremely peculiar. It has been Topic A in Washington. There have
 been jokes about it on Jay Leno and passing comments on the TV yack shows. The
 Drudge Report and the New York Post have told it in some detail.
 The British and other foreign presses have also reported it--on the Web as well
 as on paper. Not a word, though, in the "newspaper of record," the
 Times . And the Washington Post buried a coy discussion of the British coverage in the back half of
 a barely related article about columnists turning against Clinton.
