
   
   
      
         
            One Billion Underserved

            The New York Times leads
 with the U.S. Treasury's announcement that it would like to take advantage of
 projected budget surpluses by buying back some government bonds before their
 maturity dates. The Los Angeles Times leads with the settlement of differences
 among California's leading water agencies dating back to the '30s about their
 individual rights to water from the Colorado River, but the paper's top
 non-local story is the government bond buy-back. Water is also the top local
 story at the Washington Post --specifically the Maryland governor's
 reaction to the drought there, new regulations that will shut off lawn
 sprinklers and end unrequested drinking water in restaurants. But the paper's
 top non-local story is the Senate's approval of a $7.4 billion emergency aid
 package for farmers, which is a response not only to drought conditions but
 also to falling commodities prices. The paper points out that this bill would
 spend more than half of next year's projected budget surplus and comes on the
 heels of last fall's "one-time" farm fix of $6 billion. USA Today
 goes with the New Jersey Supreme Court's ruling that the Boy Scouts' ouster of
 a gay scout leader constituted illegal discrimination. In four previous cases
 in other states, the paper informs, the high courts sided with the scouts. The
 issue is considered ripe for review by the U.S. Supreme Court. The two
 Times front the scout story, while the Post runs it inside.

            The basic idea behind the government's buy-back, the NYT explains, is to retire older
 high-interest debt and then to replace it with newly issued lower-rate
 securities. The plan probably won't take place until next year. The paper
 points out that contrary to the current tax cut/surplus debate, this strategy
 does not require congressional approval. Both Times note that it also is
 a vehicle for reducing the government's reliance on foreign lenders, who
 currently hold 39 percent of U.
