
   
   
      
         
             The War in Kosovo

            In ","
 William Saletan examines President Clinton's struggle between idealism and
 realism. In "," he discusses Clinton's watered-down apologies for the embassy
 bombing.  In "," he lambastes the hell no, we won't go Republicans; in "," he
 asks who's miscalculating the belligerence level. In "," he strafes the bogus
 arguments against the NATO war plans.

            In
 "Strange Bedfellow," David Plotz looks at , shows how Kosovo has turned and
 doves into hawks, and discusses why .

            Mathew
 Cooper in "" explains there are good reasons for what we're doing in
 Yugoslavia. Credibility isn't one of them.

            Massa
 Gessen introduces , the minister nobody knows, in "Assessment."

            ""
 says we can prevent genocide.

            
 Jonathan Chait debunks the myth of the underpaid solder in "."

            
 "Explainer" tells how frees prisoners; describes NATO's ; finds out who is the
 ; provides a ; and gives the lowdown on which way to "Kosovo," depending on
 your politics.

            What
 solution does history dictate for Kosovo? Good question, says David Greenberg
 in the "."

            In ","
 William Saletan dissects the diplomatic doublespeak for negotiating with
 Milosevic. In a "," he asks: "How can we justify invading Kosovo after
 promising not to?" and decides that it sounds like a job for Bill Clinton. NATO
 and Milosevic are playing a head game over who's punishing whom. In "," Saletan
 shows how Milosevic is winning the spin war.

            How
 did Clinton win public support for bombing Serbia? By rephrasing the question,
 Saletan. Some people ask, "Why bomb Serbia?" Clinton asks, "Why not?"

            says,
 that's Mister Milosevic to you. he examines the justification for the
 U.S. media's outrage at being expelled from Yugoslavia.

            
 Michael Kinsley helps you translate the favored by politicians unwilling to
 take a stand on the Kosovo bombings.

            
 "International Papers" summarizes what the world press has to say about Kosovo
 in the , , and columns.
