
   
   
      
         
            No. 215: &quot;Here's the Pitch&quot;

            

               Fill in the blank. After creating the highest-rated movie ever made for
 Showtime, Warren Weideman is about to make four sequels, but the project was a
 tough sale. "Most producers eyes would glaze over as soon as I said the words,
 '____________.' "
            

            by noon
 ET Tuesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Thursday's Question
 (No. 214)--"Nutkin":
            

            

               You give the brief lead; I give the headline from London's
 Independent : "Letter Reveals Nutkin Was a Savage Squirrel"
            

            "My
 God! Mad Cow disease has mutated! Run for the hills!"-- Tim "Why, Yes, I'd
 Love Some Wasabi Polenta" Carvell
            

            
 "Despite revelations, Pat Buchanan still stands by his campaign
 manager."-- S. Bell
            

            "Ha!
 That got your attention. Now, back to the tariff implications of EMU
 membership."-- Jennifer Miller
            

            "Fergie
 wins Royal Anagram contest for her positively bitchy entry: 'Queen wears rags
 at rave; rants like evil slut.' "-- Brooke Saucier
            

            
 "Squirrel Nutkin was a bitter, resentful recluse who secretly despised
 Twinkleberry and goaded Old Mr. Brown into violence, according to a collection
 of correspondence published by former lover Joyce Maynard."-- Chris
 Thomas
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            The daily coverage of
 Kosovo, Microsoft, and Rudolph Giuliani teaches this lesson: It's futile to
 read the newspaper. Salient details are always concealed, key decisions are
 always made in private, and the ink gets all over your hands. Review the
 dailies from 1942 or 1929 or 1863, and you'll come away with a similar
 impressively false sense of the great events of the day. So why persist in
 newspaper reading?
