
   
   
      
         
            No. 217: &quot;TK&quot;

            

               In Belgrade, one group includes the American Center, the British
 Council, the Goethe Institute, and the French Cultural Center; the other group
 includes the Original Levi's Store and You've Got Mail . What's the
 distinction?
            

            by noon
 ET Wednesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Monday's Question
 (No. 215)--"Here's the Pitch":
            

            

               
                  Fill in the blank. After creating the highest-rated movie ever
 made for Showtime, Warren Weideman is about to make four sequels, but the
 project was a tough sale. "Most producers' eyes would glaze over as soon as I
 said the words, '____________.' "
               
            

            
 "Highest-rated movie ever made for Showtime."-- Daniel Radosh ( Bruce
 Brown and Bruce Oberg had similar answers.)

            
 "Emmanuelle, but with clothes."-- Ananda "Getcher Cheap Astroturf Here"
 Gupta
            

            
 "Baruch ataw adonay ..."-- Larry Amaros
            

            "Union
 crew."--Stephen Frick
            

            "My two
 kittens and my new laser pointer."-- Andrew Reynolds
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            What I hadn't realized
 when I posted this question was that two different types of responses were
 possible--those that mock the idiocy of Warren Weideman for proposing truly
 stupid movies, frequently involving an abstruse philosopher, and those that
 mock Showtime for making truly stupid movies, frequently involving
 Shannon Tweed with her shirt off. These are both worthy goals, and that's what
 I admire about News Quiz participants: that the Weideman mockers and the
 Showtime mockers can respect each other and work together to mock various
 members of the Bush family, the anti-missile system, and maybe some kind of
 monkey--that's why the anti-missile system doesn't work, see, because of his
 crazy antics, and then Gov.
