
   
   
      
         
            No. 217: &quot;Unlisted&quot;

            

               Up until Tuesday, Texan Robert White was No. 4 on a list of 3,600.
 What's the list and how did he get off it?
            

            by noon
 ET Thursday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Tuesday's Question
 (No. 216)--"Yin and Yang?":
            

            

               
                  
                     In Belgrade, one group includes the American Center,
 the British Council, the Goethe Institute, and the French Cultural Center; the
 other group includes the Original Levi's Store and You've Got Mail .
 What's the distinction?
                  
               
            

            "Oh,
 like we need to know something about a place before we bomb it."-- Daniel
 Radosh
            

            "The
 first group got the lamb's blood 'X' on the door."-- Beth Sherman
            

            "Things
 that were burnt down and things that should have been burnt down."-- Kenton
 A. Hoover ( Katherine Hobson and Chris Thomas had similar
 answers.)

            "The
 latter contain no copies of The Sorrows of Young Werther ."-- Greg
 Diamond
            

            "Aw,
 jeez, have Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan sided with the Serbs already?"-- Tim
 Carvell
            

             

             

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            News Quiz goes to war. And damned uneasily. If we
 neglect the war, the quiz is marginalized into News of the Weird ; if
 we refer to it, we risk trivializing genuine suffering. Catch 22 was
 funny about war by blasting the Army's bureaucratic madness. M*A*S*H --at
 least the TV version--offered a pseudo-anti-war stance while enjoying frat boy
 high jinks: I believe their contract with CBS required that in every third
 episode the entire camp would see Loretta Swit in the shower and then Alan Alda
 would wring his hands sensitively. My father (infantry, World War II) had a
 favorite scene in a service comedy: in No Time for Sergeants , when Andy
 Griffith made those toilet seats stand at attention.
