
   
   
      
         
            Belgrade Gets the Baghdad Treatment

            The lead story at most
 papers is that NATO has decided to begin bombing a wider range of government
 buildings, including some in downtown Belgrade. The Times of London runs the
 headline "Belgrade to get the 'Baghdad treatment.' " An editorial argues that
 airstrikes have been (and will continue to be) more effective at destroying the
 Serbian military than most people think. Nevertheless, the article concludes,
 if the strikes don't stop the atrocities in Kosovo within a "few days," ground
 troops should be sent in. Another editorial urges the United Kingdom to donate
 humanitarian supplies and eventually grant immigration visas to "our share" of
 the refugees.

            The Independent of London
 has posted a reporter on the border between Macedonia and Kosovo to
 interview the incoming flood of refugees. He writes:

            
               The stories are too horrific to tell in
 detail. I heard of murder, rape, looting, and persistent abuse--by rifle-butt
 and boot. I heard of several hundred people hiding in a cave that once formed
 an old marble quarry, being taunted from outside by men firing machine-pistol
 volleys into the air. ...
            

            
               There were a dozen, almost identical
 accounts of the operational technique of ethnic cleansing. First the roar of
 tanks coming down the valleys, then the sound of whistles being blown and the
 firing of automatic weapons, as the villages and hamlets that dot southern
 Kosovo ... are surrounded by regular soldiers who order the people to
 move.
            

            
               Then come the hard men, often masked, who
 separate the important ones from the peasants. The peasants are forced south,
 taking only what they can carry, where they must brave further "checkpoints" in
 the form of armed robbers, before they reach the border. The "important ones"
 stay behind.
            

            The angry reporter
 complains that in the Macedonian capital, 15 miles away, NATO swells are eating
 "steak au poivre .
