
   
   
      
         
            No. 219: &quot;Not&quot;

            

               The slogan in Maine, promulgated at government expense, is "Not Me, Not
 Now." Not what?
            

            by noon
 ET Tuesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Thursday's Question
 (No. 218)--"You Smell Something?":
            

            

               
                  
                     
                        
                           "It stinks in God's nostrils, and I
 know it stinks in the law's nostrils, and it stinks to me." Who said this about
 what?
                        
                     
                  
               
            

            "Noted
 attorney and amateur theologian Alan Dershowitz, protesting a parking ticket
 with his usual élan."-- Tim Carvell
            

            "New
 York City Consumer Affairs Commissioner Jules Polonetsky, ever vigilant about
 Passover gouging, has discovered some fake gefilte fish produced by the Posse
 Comitatus."-- Norm Oder
            

            "Fidel
 Castro, on the suspiciously effective performance of the Baltimore Orioles'
 bullpen."-- Al Petrosky
            

            
 "Candor, gossiping about Stench at the recent Abstract Concepts Potluck and
 Bingo Night."-- Bill Wasik
            

            "A
 dog's highest praise."-- Dale Shuger
            

             

             

             

             

             

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            Judging by News Quiz
 participants--and I do--the two groups likeliest to express nasal disdain are
 film critics and political opponents. This is a disturbing ceding of the field
 to professionals. It is, for instance, the right of every American to carp
 about his boss (I believe that's in the Constitution) and his relatives (the
 Bible). But there is a recent reluctance to fire at certain targets unless one
 has impressive credentials, a professionalizing of contumely. This is
 lamentable and unnecessary.
