
   
   
      
         
            No. 221: &quot;No Carrying On&quot;

            

               Fill in the blank on this comment by State Sen. Harry Wiggins, jubilant
 over the voting on a new proposal: "Missourians do not want __________ carried
 into football games and bars and schools."
            

            by noon
 ET Thursday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Tuesday's Question
 (No. 220)--"Sticks and Stones":
            

            

               
                  
                     
                        
                           
                              
                                 The list includes
 beasts, criminals, villains, thugs, fascist legions, and hordes of murderers.
 List of
 what?
                              
                           
                        
                     
                  
               
            

            "The
 'Important Numbers' section in Michael Eisner's Day Runner."-- Bill
 Scheft ( Dennis Cass had a similar answer.)

            "Things
 that 'do it' in Cole Porter's wisely discarded first draft."-- Daniel
 Radosh
            

            "Maine
 residents who had premarital sex."--Alex Pascover
            

            "I
 don't expect you to believe me, but they're all thanked on that Dixie Chicks
 CD."-- Chris Kelly
            

            "All
 the cute, available guys."--Dale Shuger
            

             

             

             

             

             

             

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            It is instinctive to reject a patriotic list of
 Official Enemies. The more these authorized villains are shot at in
 Stallone-Schwartzenegger-Willis-Gibson movies, the more one wants to be a drug
 dealer or terrorist when he grows up. Hollywood does glamorize everything.
 (Except maybe Laurence Fishburne--what was he rambling on about in The
 Matrix ? I dozed a bit there.)

            It is harder to rebuff a national enemies list when
 bombs are falling, particularly when those enemies are implicated in appalling
 deeds.
