
   
   
      
         
            Has the Chinese Spy Story Fizzled?
            

            For months there have been news stories suggesting that Wen Ho
 Lee, a scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, was a spy for
 China. Los Alamos, the lab in which the first atomic bomb was developed in
 1945, is still the main U.S. center for nuclear weapon research and
 development. There have been further suggestions that the Lee case exposes the
 Clinton administration as cavalier about national security--or, worse, that it
 traded national security for Chinese campaign contributions. Recently, though,
 there have been stories suggesting that Lee may not have been a spy after all.
 What, in brief, is the state of play?

             

            The investigation of Chinese espionage has actually been going
 on for four years. It is clearly established that China somehow obtained design
 specifications for many of America's nuclear warheads during the 1980s and
 early '90s. But these secrets could have leaked from many places, including
 other government research labs and private defense contractors.

             

            What is the evidence implicating Wen Ho Lee? Mainly, it seems,
 his apparent friendship with Chinese scientists. He often attended scientific
 conferences in China, and hosted Chinese counterparts on visits to Los Alamos.
 He was even once seen hugging one of them. But these exchange visits and
 conferences were all part of his job as a U.S. government employee--and indeed
 friendship among Chinese and U.S. scientists was part of their purpose. Lee
 also downloaded secret files to an insecure computer--a clear violation of the
 rules. But there is no evidence the information ever went any further. Lee says
 he was just making backup copies. Other Los Alamos scientists have done the
 same, though on a smaller scale.

             

            The thinness of the evidence against him has led some to
 suggest that Lee, who was born in Taiwan, is being persecuted because of his
 ethnic heritage.
