
   
   
      
         
            

            

               Moderator: Herbert Stein
            

            Herbert
 Stein, a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, was chairman of the Council of
 Economic Advisers under Presidents Nixon and Ford. He is a member of the board
 of contributors at the Wall Street Journal .

            
               Francis
 Fukuyama
            

            Francis
 Fukuyama is the Hirst professor of public policy at the Institute of Public
 Policy at George Mason University. He is author of The End of History and
 the Last Man and Trust: The Social Virtues and the Creation of
 Prosperity .

            
               George
 Modelski
            

            George
 Modelski is professor emeritus of political science at the University of
 Washington. He is co-author, with William R. Thompson, of Leading Sectors
 and World Powers: The Coevolution of Global Economics and Politics and
 author of Long Cycles in World Politics .

            
               Arthur
 Schlesinger Jr.
            

            Arthur
 Schlesinger Jr. is a historian, writer, and former special assistant to
 President Kennedy. A new edition of his book, The Vital Center , will be
 published later this year.

            
               William
 Strauss and Neil Howe
            

            William
 Strauss and Neil Howe are co-authors of The Fourth Turning: An American Prophecy. Strauss is a
 generational historian and co-founder and director of the , a political satire
 troupe. Neil Howe, a historian and economist, is a senior advisor for the
 Concord Coalition.

            
               Herbert
 Stein
            

            Perhaps because we are
 nearing the end of a millennium, there seems to be a renewal of interest in
 theories of history. We seek regularities in the long movements of history,
 trying to find our place in a bigger picture than the evening news and hoping
 to see what is coming next.

            Three kinds of theories of
 history have been prominent in recent discussion--ending theories, wave
 theories, and cycle theories.
