
   
   
      
         
            Workplace-Romance Double Standard

            Army Capt. Derrick Robertson
 got sentenced the other day to four months in prison for having consensual sex
 with a 20-year-old (female) private. Meanwhile, the media buzz is about another
 workplace romance: between ABC News President David Westin, in the midst of a
 divorce, and ABC Vice President Sherrie Rollins, wife of perennially
 embarrassed political consultant Ed Rollins. Westin was Rollins' boss until, in
 the midst of all the rumors about their liaison, they both got promoted.

            Clearly,
 on the subject of workplace romance, the media and the Army operate by
 different rules. And the rules in the (civilian) government are different
 still. Former National Security Adviser Anthony Lake, estranged from his wife
 and nearly inseparable from his former deputy, had that relationship hanging
 over his head when he told the president to withdraw his nomination to be CIA
 chief. Other appointments are never proposed and political campaigns are never
 launched (in addition to those that are famously derailed, like Gary Hart's)
 because of the threat that some sexual misadventure will become front-page
 news.

            Would a bit of consistency be small-minded in this case? We
 can scarcely avoid love at work: To paraphrase Willie Sutton, that's where the
 opposite sex is. There are good reasons for strict rules in the military, where
 a superior can send a subordinate into life-threatening battle. Still, if you
 throw nearly 200,000 females into close quarters with a million or so males,
 under immense stress combined with stretches of boredom and laced with
 loneliness, some of the Jacks are going to fall in love--or lust--with some of
 the Jills. And a difference in rank is a permeable barrier.

            Abuse of
 women must be punished. But for consensual sex, has the Army ever considered a
 policy of "ask and tell," with direct reports being reassigned and the others
 being left alone?

            
 At the other extreme, ABC (which won't say
 whether it has any rules at all) is off-base too.
