
   
   
      
         
            Sore Loser

            As we all know, Garry
 Kasparov is a Russian chess player. So where did he get this uncanny ability to
 whine exactly like an American pro athlete after an unexpected drubbing?

            "The machine's win has not
 proved anything. It's not yet ready, in my opinion, to win a big contest."

            That's
 Kasparov, explaining how Deep Blue's resounding victory did not really
 constitute a "big" win. The rangy, big-shouldered computer prevailed in the
 most famous man vs. machine chess match in history--3 1/2 points to 2 1/2
 points--capped by a 19-move butt kicking that inspired one grandmaster to
 observe, "Kasparov got wiped off the board." Kasparov reacted by reaching deep
 into the sports-cliché moan bag, maintaining that he had been cheated by some
 kind of backdoor playmaking help from the IBM team, that the real Garry
 Kasparov hadn't shown up at the match ("I was not in a fighting mood"), and
 that his coaching had been bad ("my biggest mistake was following the advice of
 computer advisers who recommended I play this way").

            
 What way? Losingly?

            In addition, he talked about
 himself in the annoying "third-person jock," whimpered about Deep Blue's
 superior firepower (news flash, Garry: the other side usually
 demonstrates that when it beats you), and grumbled his way through a trash-talk
 version of "wait till next year." "It [had] nothing to do [with] science," he
 whined. "It was one zeal to beat Garry Kasparov. And when a big corporation
 with unlimited resources would like to do so, there are many ways to achieve
 the result."

            And: "I
 personally guarantee if the machine plays me again, I would tear it to
 pieces."

            
 As IBM's Chung-Jen Tan, the leader of the Deep
 Blue team, recognized with his overwrought For the Ages rhetoric ("historically
 for mankind, this is like landing on the moon"), the match will go down in the
 permanent record of human-computer relations.
