
   
   
      
         
            Mourning Sickness

            Ralph Waldo Emerson's
 journal contains this intriguing entry for March 29, 1832: "I visited Ellen's
 tomb and opened the coffin."

            Emerson was in his late 20s
 at the time, a Boston minister still reeling from the loss of his young wife,
 who had died of tuberculosis 14 months earlier. Biographer Robert D. Richardson
 Jr. contends that by literally confronting death (ghoulish as it seems),
 Emerson was able to pull out of his funk and get back to the business of
 becoming a great American philosopher.

            It is
 inherently unfair to pass judgment on another's grief. Yet I must confess that,
 just as Emerson's behavior raised my eyebrows, so, too, of late has Fred
 Goldman's. Where once I saw a man struggling rather nobly with tragedy, I now
 see someone trapped on the merry-go-round of notoriety. Three years after the
 double murder of the century, a part of me is weary of the Ron Goldman lapel
 button, of the habitual references to "the killer," of the righteous
 indignation. More to the point, a part of me is wary of Fred Goldman--a client
 of a large Los Angeles public-relations firm and a paid ($100,000 a year)
 spokesman for the Safe Streets Coalition, a victims' rights group--turning a
 private ordeal into public policy. Goldman now promotes the abolition of
 unanimous-jury verdicts, the adoption of "judicial report cards," and an end to
 the lifetime appointment of federal judges. "Being active is a way to focus
 some of that frustration, anger, etc., into something positive," says
 Goldman.

            Last February, Fred Goldman and his second wife, Patti,
 were in Washington for their 10 th wedding anniversary. They spent
 the day first promoting the family's book, His Name Is Ron , in an
 appearance at the National Press Club, and then touring the Holocaust Museum.
 "There's something like an Old Testament prophet quality about [Fred]," says a
 court reporter who covered both Simpson trials.

            Indeed,
 the Goldmans' rabbi told the Washington Post that Fred has become a
 "moral force" for justice.
