
   
   
      
         
            Kids as Status Symbols

            So, you've got the beach
 house compound on Nantucket, the 63-foot Hinckley sailboat, the corporate jet,
 the nanny, and the gardener; and your stay-at-home spouse with the advanced
 academic degree heads up the local United Way campaign. What other acquisition
 might serve your high economic and social status? How about having some more
 kids?

            It has
 long been a demographic truism that richer means fewer, not more, kids. And as
 far as it goes, census data seem to bear this out. As the average incomes of
 Americans have increased, the smaller their families have become. Since the
 height of the baby boom in the 1950s, the number of children born to an
 American woman has dropped from an average of 3.76 to only 1.98 today. And this
 phenomenon is not confined to the United States. The average number of children
 born to women in Western Europe has fallen from 2.5 in 1960 to 1.6 today.

            People have lots of reasons for choosing to have fewer
 children, including the expansion of opportunities for women in the workplace,
 but it is an undeniable fact that rearing children in the modern world is an
 expensive activity. Throughout most of history children were net assets--they
 toiled in the fields, mucked out the barn, and cared for their parents in old
 age. But modern parents don't really expect much of a return from the resources
 they spend on their children. Sure, Johnny may mow the lawn and Jenny might run
 the dishwasher, but in general kids today do little to contribute directly to a
 family's bottom line.

            The U.S. Census Bureau
 confirms that women in households with the lowest average annual incomes--those
 under $10,000--have had the most children; 2.3 on average. By contrast,
 upper-middle-class households--those making more than $75,000--have an average
 of only 1.8 kids. One interpretation of these numbers is that poor parents
 still think that children are a reasonable investment.
