
   
   
      
         
            Hillary and Di

            Hillary Rodham Clinton has
 been devoted to Causes all her adult life. Apart from her family, improving the
 world (by her lights) is what she is about. For Princess Diana, Causes were
 more than a royal-lifestyle accessory but less than a lifelong passion. Each
 woman married into a huge opportunity to advance her Causes. And yet Hillary,
 the born Causenik, has been far less successful--both for her Causes and for
 herself.

            As the
 official American representative at the princess's funeral, the first lady must
 have wondered why a small fraction of the outpouring of affection for England's
 most famous woman couldn't attach itself to this country's most famous woman.
 Millions of dollars and pounds pour in daily for Diana's favorite charities.
 Hillary, meanwhile, prepares to co-chair a new Conference on Child Care--a
 prospect that must make her feel at least a small fraction as weary as everyone
 else.

            It is hard to remember while in the grip of posthumous
 amnesia, but Diana's press was often as lousy as Hillary's. The media mocked
 her outsized clothes budget, her downsized tank tops, her affairs, her various
 dysfunctions, her penchant for New Age cures. The National Enquirer
 pulled its "Di Was Sex Mad" cover off newsstands as soon as it could after the
 fatal crash. Even the nontabloid London Sunday Times had the headline
 "Diana on the Couch"--above a story questioning the princess's mental
 stability--in the edition that hit British doorsteps (too late to stop) a few
 hours after her death.

            Both women
 suffered the indignity of a press obsession with their thighs. Photos from the
 Clintons' recent Martha's Vineyard vacation featured Hillary in a bathing suit
 with close-ups of her legs. You would think that the thighs of a woman of
 Diana's years would yield little in the way of news. But her gym sold photos of
 her gams to Fleet Street. Her dimpled cellulite was blown up to ghastly
 proportions and plastered on newsstands.
