
   
   
      
         
            Sunday Buffet

            What's news today? Depends on which of the majors you pick up. They each
 have a different top story and they each ignore or bury inside what their
 competitors lead with. The Los Angeles Times leads with the revelation that the
 Department of Justice has granted immunity from prosecution to a top research
 scientist who helped Brown and Williamson create a tobacco strain with an
 especially high level of nicotine. The move means that despite the proposed
 $360 billion litigation settlement deal, the feds are still proceeding with a
 criminal probe into the tobacco industry. The paper reports that grand juries
 have been convened in Washington, New York and Brooklyn to look into possible
 wrongdoing by cigarette companies and their trade associations, and that the
 FBI has mounted a special tobacco task force. What's really weird is you just
 know some of those agents are taking breaks from sifting through company
 documents and interviewing industry whistleblowers to go have a smoke.

            The New York Times
 leads with the news that eight months after vowing to overhaul its citizenship
 program, the INS is "still struggling to put new procedures in place to prevent
 immigrants with criminal records from becoming citizens." Meanwhile,
 applications for citizenship are on the rise, so the waiting time for
 immigrants to hear back has doubled to more than a year. It doesn't help that
 over a third of the agency's field offices are not linked to its computer
 database.

            The Washington Post leads with the report that in a speech
 yesterday, President Clinton held open the possibility that he will order U.S.
 troops to remain in Bosnia in some peacekeeping capacity even after the current
 NATO mission of which they are a part is terminated next year. Defending U.S.
 participation in the effort thus far, Clinton said, "It's been much less
 expensive and much less hazardous to America than a resumption of full-scale
 war would be.
