
   
   
      
         
            The Microsoft Menace

            Microsoft is aggressively
 seeking to shape the future of personal computing, Internet publishing, and
 electronic commerce. It has achieved a dominant position in the computer
 industry already and is poised to extend its reach. Is what is good for
 Microsoft good for consumers? Not always. Consider the following:

            Microsoft has never been
 known for its innovations. (Click for more on Microsoft's history of
 borrowing.) Yet, Microsoft operating-system software is used to run between 80
 percent and 90 percent of the world's personal computers now, and that share is
 increasing.

            When personal computers
 first entered the market, there was enormous innovation in new desktop-software
 applications. In recent years, as Microsoft has come to dominate one important
 desktop market after another, there have been fewer and fewer new entrants or
 new products in these markets--and, many would say, far less innovation.

            Today the most important
 challenge in selecting a word processor, relational database, or other desktop
 application is finding a product that can perform adequately without crashing
 when the user is running the latest version of Microsoft's Windows operating
 system. More and more often the safest bet is--not surprisingly--Microsoft, the
 only company that really knows how its operating system works and the only
 company that can arbitrarily change how that operating system works. (For
 examples of how Microsoft uses its control of the operating system to undermine
 rivals, click .)

            The Internet is the most
 successful new platform for publishing and sharing information. It developed in
 an environment that was profoundly anti-monopolistic, and which embraced open
 standards. Microsoft ignored the Internet initially, even creating a rival
 proprietary network architecture for its Microsoft Network.

            Sun Microsystems has
 developed a computer programming language named Java, designed so that programs
 written in it would run on any computer, regardless of the operating system.
