
   
   
      
         
            The Sound of One Hand Talking

            Last week, John Hope
 Franklin, the venerable Duke University historian and chair of the president's
 advisory board on race, told reporters that his panel would refuse to hear from
 opponents of affirmative action in higher education. This policy seems both
 wrong in principle and politically foolish. Why on earth have a panel dedicated
 to racial reconciliation and exclude one of the two views that need to be
 reconciled on the most divisive racial issue? What harm could come from letting
 critics have their say, compared with the harm of seeming to censor them?
 Franklin's only explanation was an imperious, "I'm not certain what [California
 affirmative-action critic Ward] Connerly could contribute to this
 discussion."

            A senior
 official working with the panel is a bit less opaque. "The point of the
 committee is to help formulate White House policy. So why should we appoint
 people who disagree with the President? Why hear testimony from people who
 vehemently disagree with him?" Another member of the panel's staff said, "This
 is not the Kerner Commission," referring to the panel appointed by President
 Johnson after the urban riots of the 1960s.

            President Clinton said the panel's mission was to be "a
 great and unprecedented conversation about race." But apparently the main
 purpose of convening the committee's monthly meetings is to provide an occasion
 for the administration to unveil installments of the President's Race
 Initiative--a yearlong parade of minipolicies. Last week, for instance, the
 White House announced that $15 million would be divided among 67 different
 nonprofit groups so they can bring more housing-discrimination cases.

            The White
 House concocts these policies, without say from committee members. Behind the
 inflated rhetoric, the Franklin panel has only a slim mandate and little power.
 It is not legally allowed to meet in private and cannot even write its own
 final report--prerequisites for any self-respecting commission.
