
   
   
      
         
            Bill Clinton, Father Figure

            "Isn't he a little old to
 have a girlfriend?" That was the perplexed comment that greeted my first
 halting efforts to explain the Clinton scandal to my children, ages 6 and 9. I
 promptly began quoting the profundity to my friends and reflecting indignantly,
 along with the rest of America, on what a poor role model the overgrown youth
 in the White House is for our youth. As the days have passed, though, I've had
 an unnerving revelation: The evasive man in the White House is a great role
 model for us parents.

            Parents
 are under siege. With children who are literate but not large, and omnipresent
 X-rated news, mothers and fathers have been in for a lot of lip-biting,
 brow-furrowing, and earnest throat-clearing. Willy-nilly, we all turn into
 Slick Willies. At least I did. Herewith the unsubpoenaed diary of an artful
 dodger.

            
               1 Weak-Kneed Denial: For the first two days after the
 scandal breaks, I snatch up the newspaper hurriedly at breakfast. When the
 older child makes a grab for it, I say, a nervous twitch in my jaw and a
 certain tightness in my voice, "There is no interesting news." I go to work
 worrying what the kids will hear in school, whether I've been too evasive, how
 much more I'm going to have to say.

            
               2 Weaseling Out of It: The question comes over the
 weekend. I emphasize the lying part, and search for the formulation that will
 permit me to avoid anything that directly links the president to sex (a concept
 I am not even sure my audience is able to define). Hence my choice of the term
 "a girlfriend." I readily agree that he is "a little old"--if it's true--and
 quickly steer the discussion in another direction. That's easy, since they find
 the friend with the secret tape recorder fascinating.

            
               3 Dramatic Denial: When pressed about my own opinion a
 day or so later, I say firmly, without jaw-twitching, that if the president has
 done what he is accused of, he should definitely step down.
