
   
   
      
         
            Mind Over Monica

            

               From: Jodie Allen

            
               To:
 Slate Editors

            
               Subject: finding
 new depths in Monica Lewinsky

            a friend reports that a
 lawyer here in town who is helping William Ginsburg, auctioned off a dinner at
 his house at one of the local girls' schools (Cathedral i think) recently. To
 the surprise of the buyers, present at the small gathering was no other than
 Monica herself. She was, they reported, not only luscious but charming and
 witty. Soon we can expect a raft of such reports in which Monica will slowly be
 revealed as a renaissance woman, whose deep knowledge of American poetry is
 matched only by her understanding of the historical tensions underlying the
 current insurrections in Kosovo (she worries especially about the Bulgarian
 connection tho doubts that Kosovo's natives are in fact the heirs of
 Alexander).

            
               From:
 Frank Foer

            
               To:
 Jodie Allen; Slate Editors

            
               Subject: RE:
 finding new depths in Monica Lewinsky

            Funny you should mention
 Monica Lewinsky. I ran into her last night at the Mayflower Hotel where she was
 having cocktails with several middle-aged men in double breasted suits. She is
 as perky and precocious as Bill Safire and Cokie Roberts say. When I spoke with
 her, she apologized for her slightly glazed eyes, having spent the last
 forty-eight hours teaching herself ancient Greek. With all this time on her
 hands, she has decided to read Homer in the original. She also said she was at
 work on a translation of Vico. We engaged in a perfectly delightful
 conversation about the Pentagon's two-war strategy. The descriptions of her in
 the press as "competent" hardly do her justice.

            

               From: Seth Stevenson

            
               To:
 Frank Foer; Jodie Allen; Slate Editors

            
               Subject: RE:
 finding new depths in Monica Lewinsky

            monica's in my painting
 class.
