
   
   
      
         
            Millennium Verboten

            "The
 language of the Millennium, and the logo (until we hear otherwise), is for
 millennium use only. ... It is very important to the overall strength and
 infrastructure of the millennium project [for it to remain distinct] from our
 day-to-day messages and words that we use."

            
               --Memo from the White
 House communications office to speechwriters and other officials, banning the
 use of certain words reserved for the Hillary Clinton-led effort to welcome the
 next century. Quoted in the New York Times, Thursday, July 30,
 1998
            

            

               From: rodney@dot.gov

            
               To:
 secretaries@cabinet.gov

            
               Subject:
 Yesterday's Millennium Project Directive

            D. of
 Transportation speechwriters implored me to write in protest of yesterday's
 directive. We're putting together congressional testimony on next year's budget
 and having a devil of a time finding substitutes for the prohibited words.
 Specifically, we had trouble dancing around the ban of the words "bridge,"
 "road," and "highway." We appreciate their metaphorical importance for
 welcoming the millennium, but could you suggest alternatives?

            Rodney
 Slater

            Secretary of
 Transportation

            ******

            
               From:
 clintonspeak@whitehouse.gov

            
               To:
 secretaries@cabinet.gov

            
               Subject: RE:
 Yesterday's Millennium Project Directive

            Anyone
 have a synonym for "future"? It seems this word has been banned, along with all
 references to specific dates (day, month, or year) beyond two weeks hence. The
 standard phraseology I am leaning toward for discussing future events is "an
 event to occur on a day subsequent to the several other days that shall proceed
 duly in the natural course of time forward from the present moment, eventually
 accruing into units characterized as months and, much later, years.
