
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Valid
 License
            

            As a Berkeley resident who still insists he's a
 Chicagoan, it's nice to see a Royko remembrance (see ""). But one point that
 Weisberg raises about Slats Grobnik and Royko's occasional fictionalizing and
 whether readers understood it bothers me. It doesn't give enough credit to
 readers, for one thing, and it neglects the implicit bargain columnists strike
 with their audiences to be on the level.

            It seems like everyone I knew who read his
 column--and that's nearly everyone I knew growing up, even in the
 suburbs--understood that Slats and others were inventions. And everyone, I
 thought, knew the difference between the columns in which Royko would create a
 situation to make a broad point and the columns in which he was talking about
 flesh-and-blood people and life-and-death matters. When he got someone real on
 the spit, you could smell it.

            One of the big
 differences between Royko on one hand and Mike Barnicle and similar truants on
 the other is that Royko himself didn't confuse his fictions with reality, and
 he didn't promote confusion about them. Whatever license he had was earned over
 a long, long time by drawing a clear line between his creations and his
 journalism, and by scrupulously honoring an unarticulated deal with his readers
 that he wouldn't lose track of which was which, so they wouldn't, either.

            -- Dan Brekke
            

            
 Berkeley, Calif.

            
               Brooks
 Brothers
            

            In his "Assessment" of ,
 A. O. Scott says the success of The Simpsons "resulted from the unlikely
 collusion between Groening ... and Rupert Murdoch." Not really. The real
 creative story is the collusion between Groening and James L. Brooks, former
 Mary Tyler Moore Show staffer and creator of flicks such as Broadcast
 News and Ordinary People . Brooks (and his protégé, Sam Simon)
 brought with him the story discipline that made The Simpsons such great
 television.
