
   
   
      
         
            &quot;Slobba Sinks to a New Evil&quot;

            The war in Yugoslavia
 continued to eclipse all other news across Europe Wednesday, with the
 Guardian of London leading its front page: "Day 21: more
 bombs, more death, more despair." The paper said the war "showed ominous signs
 of widening" with the Serb incursion into Albania Tuesday. In the British
 tabloids, though, the dominant war issue was rape. "The Rape Factory" was the
 main front-page headline in the Sun , which added the rider, "Slobba
 sinks to a new evil." "The rape camps" was a headline in the Daily
 Mail .

            The reports were based
 on a statement Tuesday by British Foreign Secretary Robin Cook that young
 ethnic Albanian women are being herded into an army camp in Kosovo and
 subjected to systematic rape by Serbian security forces. In the London
 Evening Standard , conservative historian Andrew Roberts
 warned against the demonization of Slobodan Milosevic, because it would
 increase his support among the Serbs. He is, of course, "a vicious, ruthless
 tyrant, but so are many people in the world whom Nato has chosen not to bomb.
 To equate him with Hitler, who really did threaten the West in a way Milosevic
 never could, can only flatter and strengthen him."

            The Daily Express of London splashed an exclusive report on its front page that the British Conservative
 Party had received "substantial" donations in the 1997 election from a
 Serbian-owned company with close links to the Milosevic regime. Two payments of
 about $14,500 each were made by Metalchem International, "a British-registered
 metal trading company which was under United Nations sanctions and remains on a
 U.S. blacklist because of its financial ties with Serbia." In an editorial, the
 Express said the Conservative leadership should "immediately and without
 question repay to Metalchem or to the Serbian government the money they
 gave."

            In other British press
 editorials Wednesday, the conservative Daily Mail said that "public
 opinion is swinging in favor of an invasion" and that "the launch of a ground
 offensive seems likelier every day"; the Times "that it may take
 ground troops, backed by massive air power, to drive them [the Serbian forces]
 out of Kosovo"; the Daily Telegraph that Bill Clinton and Tony Blair should rapidly
 sanction "the Nato ground offensive that would be required to bring Serbia to
 heel"; and the Guardian that the West was sending a signal to Belgrade
 "that ground action is becoming an available option for Nato, should the air
