
   
   
      
         
            Ty Weans Itself From Beanie Babies
            

            I have no idea whether Ty Inc.'s promise that as of Dec. 31 it will make no
 more Beanie Babies is true. If it isn't, it's a great way to spur short-term
 sales, since now the flagging Beanie Baby market will be enlivened by the
 desire to get in while you can. (Along the same lines, a friend of mine thinks
 George magazine should keep labeling each issue "the last issue of
 George " for as many months as it can.)

            But short-term sales aside, if Ty's promise isn't true, it should be, since
 it represents a very rare thing in the business world: a recognition that
 things actually come to an end. (A similarly smart decision was made, oddly
 enough, by the founders of the Lilith Fair tour this year.) Over the past year
 an unusual combination of oversaturation and fatigue with high prices has
 weighed down the Beanie Baby market (and no, I can't believe I'm actually
 writing this sentence). More to the point, like any fad it's fading out,
 displaced by the latest objects of fascination for children. Ty is rapidly
 reaching the point of diminishing returns. Cashing out now would be an
 excellent move.

            What makes such a move difficult is that although Beanie Babies may have
 reached the point of diminishing returns, they probably have not reached the
 point of nonexistent returns. In other words, there's still money to be made
 selling Beanie Babies. It's just not enough money to justify future investment.
 And the fundamental problem is that if you don't move on early enough, you find
 yourself caught, believing that the only way to recoup the money you've put
 into the business is to keep going in it.

            Excellent examples of what Ty doesn't want to become abound, especially
 within the odd industry of collectible pop culture. In the late 1980s and early
 1990s, baseball cards exploded into a classic speculative bubble--there I go,
 sounding like the old Alan Greenspan--to which companies responded by producing
 too many cards that were too expensive.
