
   
   
      
         
            The Second-Best Sauce

            "There's no sauce in the
 world like hunger." You may think that your grandmother made that up, but
 actually it was Cervantes in Don Quixote , about 400 years ago. Neither I
 nor any of my friends are ever hungry except for a few hours on Yom Kippur, so
 I am unable to test Cervantes' proposition. I will concede it to him,
 however.

            I want to
 talk about the second-best sauce, which is "belonging." Food tastes enormously
 better when it is eaten in a place where you are accepted as a special person,
 special for something other than the color of your credit card.

            Iwas struck by this proposition about a month ago when I
 spent some time with my son in Los Angeles. In the space of two days, we ate
 four meals--lunch and dinner and then lunch and dinner again--in the same
 restaurant. My son thought the food was great; I thought it was only pretty
 good. He seemed disappointed that I did not share his appreciation of the food.
 A little later I realized what the problem was. The restaurant was a gathering
 place for people in "the business," meaning the Hollywood movie-and-TV
 business. My son was one of them. When he came into the restaurant, people
 slapped him on the back and said, "Great show, Ben!" And he slapped someone else on the back
 and said, "Great show, Tom!" (or whoever). This was his club, and that made the
 food taste great. But it was not my club.

            I can see
 many other examples of this in my eating history. The most obvious is the White
 House Mess. To eat there one had to be either a fairly high-ranking official of
 the administration or the guest of such a person. That is, eating there gave
 one a strong sense of special privilege. (When I was there we hadn't yet
 learned that access to the privileges of the White House could be sold for
 cash.) And this sense of belonging made the food taste great. But the cooks
 there were not graduates of the Cordon Bleu.
