
   
   
      
         
            

            
               Ask Not What You
 Can Constitutionally Do ...
            

            I'm not sure I quite see what's odd about accepting
 a post that, as an abstract legal matter, you think is unconstitutional (see
 ""). Many people, for instance, believe that all independent agencies (such as
 the FCC) are unconstitutional, and that the Supreme Court was mistaken in
 upholding this "fourth branch of government." Does it really follow that a
 person who believes this can't in good conscience go to work for the FCC?

            I don't think that such punctilio is really morally
 or professionally obligatory. The battle over the constitutionality of
 independent agencies was fought in the courts; it was won by those who've
 argued that such agencies are constitutional. For our legal system's purposes,
 that's that, at least until the court reverses its views. A fair-minded person
 might say, "Given that the law as interpreted today authorizes such agencies, I
 feel that I can do good/do my duty to my country by working for this
 agency."

            Same for the independent
 counsel. Now, if one thought that the office was not just unconstitutional but
 immoral , that would be a different story; for instance, if one thinks
 that it violates basic human rights to outlaw drugs, going to work for the DEA
 would be a bit iffy. But I don't think people really think this (or should
 think this) about the independent counsel statute.

            -- Eugene
 Volokh
            

            UCLA Law School

            Los
 Angeles

            
               Inflated
 Inflation
            

            After referring to the USA Today report that
 economists don't expect rising gasoline prices to trigger inflation, ""
 concludes with the rhetorical flourish, "Huh--isn't inflation primarily
 measured as a rate of increase in cost?"

            Both the economists cited and Scott Shuger seem
 confused. Inflation is an overall rise in the price of goods and services. The
 key word is overall .
