
   
   
      
         
            Searching for Roots We Never Had

            In the summer, people come
 to New England--Vermont, Cape Cod, Martha's Vineyard, Maine--for the natural
 amenities, the water, the mountains, the clear, fresh, cool air, the blue
 skies. But they also come, I think, in search of their roots. They want not
 only to find but also to identify with the America of 200 years ago. They want
 to sit on the porch of the local country store and drink coffee and eat
 blueberry muffins. They want to browse through the flea market searching for
 some memento that connects with, let us say, 1830. If they are near the sea
 they want to eat lobsters by the peck. Some of the men will grow little beards,
 to be shaved off after Labor Day.

            Some of
 the summer people have been coming to the same small town for so many years,
 even for more than one generation, that they are part of the local scene and do
 have roots there. I am thinking of the more occasional visitors. Very few have
 roots in small-town New England. Some may have Boston roots. More have New York
 and New Jersey roots. And most have roots two or three generations back in
 Lithuania or Ireland or Sicily. But they like to think of themselves as having
 a family connection with early America.

            These small New England towns are part of the origins of
 the political, economic, and social world we all live in. But so are
 Philadelphia and Charlottesville, Va. The summer people coming to these small
 towns are not tourists looking for a civics lesson. They are, it seems to me,
 seeking and imagining a more personal, familial connection. That is what I mean
 by "roots."

            I don't
 deride this at all. On the contrary, I think it is wonderful that people here
 should become so Americanized, so naturalized, that they come to admire and
 seek to identify with a history in which their families had no part. It is a
 testament to openness and democracy in America that so many of us want this
 connection and succeed in achieving it.
