
   
   
      
         
            The Cult, the Comet, and the Web

            The Heaven's Gate mass
 suicide promises to be the first great Internet mystery. When the members of
 the UFO/computer cult "shed their containers," they left behind a trove of
 clues on the Internet about their work, their suicide, and the Hale-Bopp comet.
 Here's an introduction.

            Early news reports link the
 Rancho Santa Fe, Calif., group to a loopy, apocalyptic Web site called Heaven's Gate. (Warning: This
 site and most others described below have been overwhelmed with traffic since
 news of the suicide broke. Don't be surprised if you're denied access.)
 According to the Heaven's Gate introductory page, the Hale-Bopp comet heralds
 the imminent arrival of an alien spacecraft "from the Evolutionary Level Above
 Human (the Kingdom of Heaven)": The UFO may be traveling in the comet's wake.
 (For more on the Internet controversy about the Hale-Bopp UFO, click .)

            The spacecraft is coming to
 transport "us" (whoever "us" might be) back to the "Kingdom of Heaven." This
 ascension will constitute " 'graduation' from the human evolutionary level. We
 are happily prepared to leave 'this world' and go with Ti's crew."

            The Heaven's Gate Web site
 chronicles, if opaquely, the purported history of the group. A message from the
 group's leader--the "Statement by an E.T. Presently Incarnate"--relates that he
 and his female partner ("Do" and "Ti") are actually genderless aliens from the
 Kingdom of Heaven. They and their "crew of students" arrived on earth "in
 staged spacecraft (UFO) crashes." In the early 1970s, the leaders became human
 by taking over the bodies of a middle-aged man and middle-aged woman. Before
 becoming human, they presumably looked like this "member of the
 Kingdom of Heaven." He/She/It is a dead ringer for the stereotypical
 Unsolved Mysteries alien--big baby eyes, bulging alien forehead, tiny
 ears, silver skin.

            Heaven's Gate warns
 explicitly that the authors and their associates are considering suicide.
