
   
   
      
         
            Shoot Hooligans, Not Hoops

            Littleton. Springfield.
 Paducah. Pearl. Jonesboro. Our once-safe schools have become slaughterhouses,
 our children sitting ducks for any pot-smoking, Marilyn Manson-listening,
 trench-coated deviant with a grievance.

            President Clinton and
 his Democrat allies will undoubtedly exploit the tragedy of Littleton to push
 for still more restrictions on the constitutional right to bear arms. Any day
 now, you should expect to hear Clinton and lackeys proposing to expand
 "gun-free school zones," the supposedly "safe" areas around schools where guns
 are banned. (Given recent history, perhaps they should be called "school-free
 gun zones.")

            It's time to recognize the naiveté of such legislation, a
 foolishness that has turned our schools into killing grounds. National Rifle
 Association President Charlton Heston wisely declared this week that the
 presence of an armed guard might have saved the lives of Columbine High School
 students. And Gov. Jesse Ventura pointed out that the presence of "someone who
 was armed" could have "stabilized" the situation. As usual, Moses and the Body
 were on target, but they didn't go far enough. As it turns out, there was a
 security guard at Columbine, but a single, lightly armed person is not
 sufficient deterrence. American schools don't just need several armed security
 guards or even armed teachers. They need armed students. Immediately, before
 another student fires another shot, Congress should pass the Right To Carry
 Concealed Weapons in the Classroom Act of 1999.

            There is no disputing:
 When guns in the classroom are outlawed, only outlaws in the classroom have
 guns. President Clinton calls our gun-free schools "safe zones," but this is a
 perverted idea of safety: Law-abiding students are defenseless while predatory
 juvenile delinquents, armed to the teeth, are free to roam. Why do you think
 Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold chose Columbine High for murder?
