
   
   
      
         
            No. 231: &quot;Ultracolossal&quot;

            

               An announcement Sunday roiled the world of the superjumbo. Who plans to
 do what?
            

             

            by noon
 ET Tuesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Thursday's Question
 (No. 230)--"Whoooo's Johnny":
            

            

               
                  
                     "Johnny has been such an effective spokesperson for us
 because he truly believes in the power of our products," says the president of
 New Jersey's Franklin Electronics. Who is endorsing
 what?
                  
               
            

            
 "Johnnie Cochran endorsing open-source software. 'If they share the code, you
 must download!' "-- Dee Lacey ( Kathy Kreutzer had a similar
 answer.)

            "John
 Travolta for the Franklin Stayin' Alive Digital Fever Thermometer."-- Molly
 Shearer Gabel
            

            
 "Perhaps someone should inform Franklin Electronics that, contrary to what they
 might expect, having John Wayne Gacy endorse your clown-makeup line is a bad
 call."-- Tim Carvell
            

            "I have
 no idea, which seems to cast doubt on the theory that he's such an effective
 spokesman."-- Heather Harmon
            

            "Johnny
 Cash narrates Franklin's electronic Holy Bibles. Willie Nelson's slated to
 voice their new 'Talking Talmud.' "-- Beth Sherman
            

            Click
 for more responses.

            
               Randy's
 Self-Reference Wrap-Up
            

            To our youngest players, the title of Thursday's
 question may be as ancient and obscure as Edgar Bergen's wacky catch phrase:
 "I'm a ventriloquist on the radio, suckers!" or Pedro's "S'all right." Ah,
 Pedro, Pedro, Pedro. In last Wednesday's New York Times , Richard Severo
 remembered: "Originally, Pedro had a body that was crushed in a train wreck
 near Chicago. Señor Wences, salvaging the head, put it in a box. At first,
 those who booked the act resisted; they did not think people would relate to a
 head in a box.
