
   
   
      
         
            No. 232: &quot;Summoning DiMaggio's Ghost?&quot;

            

               The list includes whistling, making certain hand gestures, and carrying
 bottles, baseball bats, or flashlights. List of what?
            

             

             

            by noon
 ET Wednesday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Monday's Question
 (No. 231)-- "Ultracolossal":
            

            

               An announcement Sunday roiled the world of the superjumbo. Who plans to
 do what?
            

            "In a
 concession to economy, Long Dong Silver is downsizing, but he promises to
 continue his fine work under the name Medium Dong Silver."-- Larry Amaros
 (Gary Steinkohl had a similar answer.)

            "Air
 France plans to reclassify children under 9 as carry-on luggage. They must be
 stowed in overhead storage compartments or slipped neatly under the
 seat."-- Stanley Marcus
            

            
 "7-Eleven plans to recall 2 million cups designed to hold its newest
 extra-extra-large soda, 'The Big-Ass Gulp,' after it was discovered that a
 printing error had placed the hyphen between 'Ass' and 'Gulp' "-- Tim
 Carvell
            

            "Gloria
 Steinem announced that in the new incarnation of Ms. , fat is no longer a
 feminist issue. 'No wonder we couldn't sell magazines,' Steinem said. 'This
 time around, it's all about thin thighs and firm butts.' "-- Daniel
 Radosh
            

            
 "Superjumbo? Superjumbo? Well, I'm sure as hell not buying Jumbo
 anymore!!"-- Dale Shuger
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's Fat
 Wrap-Up
            

            Posing this question meant risking fat jokes, but
 mercifully most of you steered clear. The fat joke assumes that the body is a
 physical manifestation of the mind, an outward sign of inward gracelessness. It
 assumes that weight is volitional, that the fat person chooses to be fat--i.e.,
 lazy, greedy, undisciplined, self-indulgent--and thus ought to be mocked.
