
   
   
      
         
            The Unequal Distribution of Physical Fitness

            
               Time magazine has a cover story this week, called "Why We Take Risks," that bears some superficial resemblance to
 recent Chatterbox columns on vacations that kill. (See "
 Do Vacations Kill?" and "
 Idiots and Their Boats.") Essentially it's a story about "extreme sports,"
 whose rise in popularity Time links, somewhat unconvincingly, to day
 trading and "unprotected sex" and heroin use. Time reports that while
 baseball, touch football, and aerobics are declining in popularity, riskier
 sports like snowboarding and scuba diving are becoming more popular. "By every
 statistical measure available," the article says, "Americans are participating
 in and injuring themselves through adventure sports at an unprecedented
 rate."

            The Time piece isn't nearly as good as Brendan Koerner's U.S.
 News cover story on the same subject a couple of years back.
 (Chatterbox should probably disclose here that he was a U.S. News editor
 at the time, though he had nothing to do with Koerner's story.) A more serious
 problem, though, is that Time's story is apt to leave readers with the
 impression that Americans are engaging in more physical activity than they used
 to. In fact, overall, they may be engaging in less. A 1996 report on "Physical Activity and
 Health" by the U.S. Surgeon General complains that
 "despite common knowledge that exercise is healthful, more than 60 percent of
 American adults are not regularly active, and 25 percent of the adult
 population are not active at all." Kids are particularly sedentary: "Nearly
 half of young people 12-21 years of age are not vigorously active; moreover,
 physical activity sharply declines during adolescence." This is typically
 characterized as a national decline in physical fitness, attributable to
 excessive TV-watching. That may be an exaggeration; experts have been
 complaining about Americans' sedentary habits for some time. (According to
 another section of the Surgeon General's report, President
 Eisenhower made a fuss back in 1953 over a study called "Muscular Fitness and
 Health" by two New York University scholars that stated that 56.
