
   
   
      
         
             Community Kills

            The massacre at Columbine
 High School prompted op-ed writers across the land to diagnose a shocking "lack
 of community" as the cause of the madness. As if! There is no public
 institution in America that works harder to forge a sense of belonging than the
 suburban public high school. Assemblies, homecoming week festivities, car wash
 fund-raisers, pep rallies, proms, graduation ceremonies--these rituals instill
 in their participants the "school spirit" that persuades many alumni to return
 to town every five years for reunions to celebrate high school's glory
 days.

            Representing the "lack
 of community" position were essayist Richard Rodriguez and biographer Neal
 Gabler, writing separately in Sunday's Los Angeles Times "Opinion"
 section.

            Rodriguez took the standard communitarian tack, arguing
 that newly landscaped suburbs such as Littleton produce deracinated teens who
 can't become individuals because they lack a sense of community: "[Y]ou cannot
 become an individual without a strong sense of 'we,' " he writes. Gabler
 combined a squishier communitarian criticism ("it may be too simple to say that
 rootless malleable communities ... give rise to rootless malleable children
 with little identity of their own, save the identity borrowed from mass
 culture, but it may not be too far off, either") with his media monism:
 Identitiless teens play "Doom" on the PC, then try it out in the enhanced 3-D
 perspective of real life.

            But neither Gabler nor
 Rodriguez appear to have attended a suburban high school. If they had, they
 would know that such high schools suffer from an overdose of community,
 not a deficit. In Columbine, community killed.

            Columbine evidently overflowed with this sort of school
 spirit, most of which revolves around student athletics. The latest consensus
 from Littleton is that rage directed at student athletes and their perceived
 protectors, the school administration, drove Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold to
 meticulously prepare and then execute the killings.
