
   
   
      
         
            No. 234: &quot;I Can't Kuwait&quot;

            

               You give the (brief) lead; I give the headline from the Kuwait
 Times : "Tips To Reduce 'Burden' of Students."
            

             

            by 5
 p.m. ET Sunday to e-mail your answer to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Wednesday's
 Question (No. 233)--"Courtly":
            

            

               
                  
                     "I couldn't do my current job without them," said
 Justice Antonin Scalia yesterday as he waved something in the air.
 What?
                  
               
            

            "Four
 of the world's tiniest Harvard-educated law clerks."-- Winter Miller
 ( Cliff Schoenberg had a similar answer.)

            "These
 two videotapes: Birth of a Nation and Mandingo ."-- Jon
 Hotchkiss
            

            
 "Federalist Society lickspittles."-- Jack Hitt (similarly, Norm
 Oder )

            "The
 various remote controls for Clarence Thomas."-- Noah Meyerson (similarly,
 Michael Wilde , Jennifer Miller , and Ken Novak )

            "Penal
 implants (cc: New York magazine competition No. 1108, 'Misspellings we'd
 like to see')."--Bill Scheft
            

             

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            Given: News Quiz
 participants respond with particular enthusiasm to questions about the Supreme
 Court. Given: The law is a particularly unhappy profession. That is, a
 remarkably high percentage of lawyers are discontent with their jobs.
 Therefore: Most News Quiz participants are lawyers who take out their
 frustrations on a poor Supreme Court justice just because he is a coldhearted,
 reactionary bastard with dubious views about race and little understanding of
 American life. I have no legal training, but isn't there some kind of logical
 error in this paragraph? Because, aside from the dubious propositions, the
 unsupported assumptions, and the illogical conclusion, I can't figure out where
 I went wrong--just like Justice Scalia.
