
   
   
      
         
             Speeding While Sober

            On March 15, John Stokes piloted his
 tractor-trailer in front of an Amtrak train at a rail crossing in Bourbonnais,
 Ill. In the ensuing collision, 11 people were killed. His commercial license
 was suspended for all of two months. His right to drive his car for
 noncommercial purposes was unaffected. Even this wrist slap only happened after
 it came out that Stokes had had at least nine moving violations since
 1991--three of them last year.

            So why is he allowed on the road at all? Answer:
 because he broke the law while stone cold sober. Had Stokes been cited even
 once for driving drunk--even without an accident, even without violating any
 traffic rule--he automatically would have lost his right to drive for six
 months. A second offense would have cost him a year's driving, and a third
 would have sent him to jail.

            Why the difference? Alcohol is the leading cause of
 traffic fatalities, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety
 Administration, contributing to more than 16,000 deaths each year, making up 30
 percent of all fatalities on the road. But speed comes in a very respectable
 second, killing 13,000 Americans annually.

            Today, drunken drivers
 rank as one notch above child molesters in the popular mind. But attitudes
 about driving while intoxicated were not always so negative. Twenty years ago,
 it was still widely accepted as harmless high jinks. Only in the 1980s, thanks
 to campaigns by Mothers Against Drunk Driving, did Americans come to recognize
 the vast toll of drunks on the road. As a result, we've stiffened penalties,
 raised the drinking age from 18 to 21, mandated license revocation for minors
 caught driving after drinking any amount of alcohol and, in 16 states,
 tightened the blood-alcohol standard for drunkenness. Deaths in alcohol-related
 crashes fell 32 percent between 1982 and 1997.

            When it comes to speed, though, the attitude is: Party on!
 In 1995, Congress dropped all federal restrictions on highway speed limits
 (first imposed during the 1970s energy crisis), letting states set the maximum
 wherever they pleased.
