
   
   
      
         
            Executive Privileges

            Her lips as vivid as the
 plumage of the vermilion flycatcher, Monica Lewinsky returns this week to the
 covers of the Star and the National Enquirer . In a detailed
 account of her White House trysts, the Star portrays Lewinsky as a sort
 of Jewish Salome, arousing the president with her dance of the Gap dress, only
 to hand the independent counsel the head of Bill the Southern Baptist.
 According to the publication, Lewinsky told the grand jury of at least four
 sexual encounters (depending on your definition of the phrase) in Clinton's
 office.

            
 Apparently the president is a man with precise, if deranged, views on the
 matter. How many 51-year-olds could write philosophic treatises on getting to
 first, second, and third base? The Star reports that Lewinsky says the
 president allowed them to engage in kissing and "heavy petting" while they had
 their clothes on. Once things got hot, however, "[h]e and Monica would
 unclench--and she would perform a private strip show for the president," making
 sure "the two refrained from touching each other." All right, Abelard and
 Héloise it's not--with the staining of the dress it's probably closer to "Hints
 from Heloise." The damned spot occurred, says the Star , during one of
 these episodes, while the dress lay on the carpet. The Star 's "source"
 explains that Clinton "believes that if they weren't touching in any state of
 undress, that it's not technically sexual relations." Let's see, making out
 with someone, then ejaculating while she strips in your office does not
 constitute sexual relations. Bill, that's good, that's good.

            The Star also reports that a Secret Service agent
 and former top Clinton aide Harold Ickes "walked in on the president and his
 young guest while the two were enjoying an extended stay in the private study."
 It does not report if Clinton subsequently began to hang "Do Not Disturb" signs
 on White House doorknobs.

            Ickes
 makes a very different kind of appearance in the National Enquirer 's
 Monica package.
