
   
   
      
         
            Michael Specter Wins the Slate Hackathlon

            The readers have voted, the
 ballots have been counted, and the judges have crowned Michael Specter, a
 Moscow correspondent of the New York Times , the winner of the first

                  Slate
                Hackathlon. More than 1,400 votes were cast in the four
 events. Here's the final breakdown, by percentages:

             

            We contacted Specter to
 offer our congratulations and ask how he feels about winning the first
 Hackathlon. "I'm far too overwhelmed with emotion to rely on mere words," he
 e-mailed back. "Also, I can't really write anything anymore unless you give me
 two hours and a cheat sheet."

            Specter has a reputation for
 being a sore winner that he bolstered during the Hackathlon. Although he led
 the contest from the beginning, he obviously took no joy in his success.
 Instead, he repeatedly accused his hack protégé, Malcolm Gladwell, of cheating
 by writing parody, which was prohibited under the rules, and filled the
 Hackathlon referee's e-mail box with his whining.

            Specter
 will return next fall to defend his title against three new challengers.

             


            Who's the fairest hack in
 all of journalism? With your help, we hope to settle that question with the
 first 
                  Slate
                Hackathlon.

            We've invited four of our
 favorite hacks to compete in four weekly journalistic events designed to
 showcase journalistic glibness, intellectual sleight of hand, greed under
 pressure, and a total disregard for what the rest of the world thinks.
 Actually, our four contestants have already demonstrated their disdain for what
 others might think by accepting the Hackathlon challenge.

            Our Hackathletes are
 Malcolm Gladwell of The New Yorker ; Hanna Rosin of the
 New Republic ; Michael Specter , a Moscow correspondent for the
 New York Times ; and Geoffrey Wheatcroft , author of The
 Randlords and a contributor to British publications too numerous to
 mention.
