
   
   
      
         
            No. 237: &quot;Flawed and Tailored&quot;

            
               The bombing
 campaign--15,000 bombs and missiles so far--is working, says Germany's Gen.
 Klaus Naumann, NATO's senior military officer. "We will see how they will feel
 after a few more weeks and months or what have you of continuously pounding
 them into pieces." However, he adds, "We may have one flaw in our thinking."
 What?
            

             

            Send
 your answer by noon ET Thursday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Tuesday's Question
 (No. 236)--"Tragedy Plus Time Minus Taste":
            

            

               Columbine students resumed classes Monday at nearby Chatfield High
 School. Many wore white T-shirts imprinted on the front with "We Are..." and on
 the back ... what?
            

            "...
 Guaranteed straight A's."-- Stuart Wade and Brooke Saucier
            

            "...
 Famous."-- Matt Sullivan and Charles Star ( Lynn Rosetta ,
 Lori Hoffman , and Greg Diamond had similar answers.)

            "...
 Suing."-- Greg Diamond
            

            "...
 Not riding the bus for fear of a NATO misfire."-- Michael Holloway
 (similarly, David Ballard )

            "Hmm
 ... that's odd. I could have sworn I had my 10-foot pole right here
 ..."-- Tim Carvell
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            Some participants, confused by the question,
 replied with slogans for both the front and back of the Littleton T-shirt. I
 blame the ambiguous use of ellipses. And those damn video games. Violent
 movies. The estrangement of too many parents from John McCain's life. (Have any
 of you phoned him today?) Our failure to embrace a lackluster technical fix
 from Al Gore and his Web cronies. The absence of Orrin Hatch praying in the
 nation's schools. (Isn't there some high-tech way to fly him from class to
 class, perhaps on Boeing's new Delta III rocket; you know, once it stops
 malfunctioning.
