
   
   
      
         
            Go E-Mail Yourself

            
               
                  Slate
                is pleased to
 announce a new feature: E-mail This Article. Just click on the words "E-mail
 This Article" at the top of each article. That's all there is to it.

            Well, obviously, there's more to it than that. If
 that was all there was to it, we would have made it something like, "Give Me a
 Million Dollars" or "Send Milosevic to Hell" or "Have a Nice Day."

            But clicking on the words E-Mail This
 Article is all you have to do. 
                  Slate
                Program Manager
 Andrew Shuman and his crack team of developers take it from there. Your click
 sets off an alarm in their lair, Shuman kicks awake his nearest dozing acolyte,
 and he or she will personally retype the 
                  Slate
                article in
 question and e-mail it to anyone you choose. Or so they've explained it to me.
 You can even e-mail it to several people at once, thanks to the miracle of
 carbon paper, or something. What gets e-mailed is not just the URL (Web
 address) and not the HTML page, which some e-mail programs can't handle, but a
 plain text version of the article itself.

            Who should you e-mail

                  Slate
                articles to? Friends, enemies, members of Congress,
 potential subscribers, and advertisers (thanks!) ... the possibilities are
 endless! One option you should not overlook is e-mailing to yourself. Why would
 you wish to do that? After all, 
                  Slate
                readers are all much too
 popular, successful, and psychologically secure to send themselves flowers or
 any such thing. You are not the sort of folks who need to artificially inflate
 your in-boxes, thank you very much. But consider:

            

               E-mailing yourself an article is a way of putting it aside to read
 later.

               Reading e-mail at your desk looks more like working than reading

                     Slate
                  's elegantly designed Web pages.
