
   
   
      
         
             Dress To Thrill

            Coming to work on the bus the other day, I sat
 across the aisle from a woman who was probably in her 50s. She was plain
 looking and plainly dressed. I guessed her to be a household worker. Her slip
 was showing. That is not unusual. What struck me was that the hem of her slip
 was lace.

            I spontaneously said to myself, "What a pitiful
 attempt at elegance!" But when I got off the bus and ruminated on it, I
 realized that was a condescending and stupid reaction. She was saying
 something. She was saying; "I'm not just a two-legged vacuum cleaner or
 dishwasher. I'm a person who deserves to be respected and loved."

            That bit of lace made a big difference to her. It
 was the difference between a work uniform and private, personal dress. Wearing
 the lace was a decision she had made for herself, beyond the requirements of
 her working life. She was expressing her membership in a class of people who
 have a life beyond work and who have some bit of "fancy" in their dress to show
 it.

            To whom was she making this statement? To herself,
 of course. There may have been someone else--a husband or a boyfriend. But
 first of all she was making it for herself, to make herself feel good.

            How do I know this,
 Watson? I have not interviewed her nor spoken any word to her. But I imagine
 that is the way people are. I imagine that people want to think of themselves
 as belonging to a group that they admire or respect and dress as they think a
 member of that group dresses. Their object is not to display their
 individuality, except that they want to choose their group. I don't believe
 that people in China were happy all wearing the same Mao jackets, because that
 did not express membership in a group that they had chosen. I understand that
 under those Mao jackets there were frequently bits of colorful clothing that
 reflected more private choices.

            The message of the clothing is first of all to the wearer.
