
   
   
      
         
            What Is Permissiveness?

            It's
 not easy to tell from the European press where NATO is heading on Kosovo. There
 seems to be a consensus around Joseph Fitchett's statement in the lead
 story in Monday's International Herald Tribune of Paris that June 18, the date
 of a summit between the G-7 countries and Russia, is a "make-or-break date for
 the air war to produce a political solution." If no breakthrough occurs by
 then, Fitchett explained, NATO will have to choose between ground action and an
 admission that President Slobodan Milosevic has won, because NATO's central war
 aim of getting the Kosovar refugees home will have become unachievable. But
 beyond that, there is no clarity on who stands where on what, especially on the
 controversial issue of ground troops.

            The
 Independent
 of London led Monday, for example, on an agreement between the United States
 and Britain to use ground troops "to drive the remaining Serb forces from
 Kosovo" in either a "permissive" or "non-permissive" environment. NATO is
 "ready to go in fighting," it said. And the Times , in its lead story
 reporting a doubling of NATO's land force in Macedonia, said that British
 Foreign Secretary Robin Cook has "secured America's backing for the forces to
 enter Kosovo without Belgrade's approval as soon as the Serb army begins
 withdrawing."

            
 However the Daily Telegraph , leading on the same thing, reported "a difference
 between Washington and London about whether troops could be sent into Kosovo
 without Belgrade's agreement." It quoted Madeleine Albright as contradicting
 Cook's "significant" statement that the troops are being prepared for
 deployment into a "non-permissive environment." She was quoted as saying,
 "Those troops are going to go in a permissive way." Under the headline "Britain
 and US clash again on when to send in troops," the tabloid Daily Mail
 said Albright had "flatly contradicted" Cook. In an editorial, the
 Independent presented the agreed build-up of ground troops as a triumph
 for British Prime Minister Tony Blair after his "surprising and apparently
 reckless absolutism in his conduct of the war" by ruling out any "exit
 strategy" except total victory.
