
   
   
      
         
             The Merchant of Menace

            I don't think there's anything wrong with ethnic
 jokes per se. Some of my best jokes are ethnic. Like the one about the
 Jewish mother on a beach who screams "My son! My son the neurologist! Is
 drowning!" Or the two Scotsmen who tuck $10 bills into their friend's casket
 and the third who swaps the bills for a $30 check.

            But what about a sober drama featuring evil
 mercantilists whose technologically advanced robots enslave a peace-loving
 nation and all at the bidding of a man known as "Emperor"? Oh, right, the
 mercantilists also have slanty eyes, wear long robes, and talk just like
 Charlie Chan. They attempt to hide their crafty schemes from the outside world
 by forcing the conquered nation to sign a faux treaty. They are ruthless and
 cruel in their occupation.

            When Michael Crichton wrote a Japan-bashing film
 (and novel) back in 1993 called Rising Sun , critics roasted him for
 exploiting racial fears. But the racial stereotyping in George Lucas' latest
 Star Wars epic, The Phantom Menace , is far worse, and nobody
 seems to care.

            Crafty Japanese trade
 villains aren't the only heavy-handed ethnic stereotype in The Phantom
 Menace . As the story continues, the heroes slip past the evil Japanese to a
 nearby planet. There, they attempt to repair their broken spaceship but are
 stymied by the hook-nosed owner of the local parts shop--Watto--who also
 happens to have a thick Yiddish accent! (To hear an example, click ".")
 Psychological manipulations that work on almost everyone fail with Watto--"Mind
 ticks don'ta work on me ... only money! ," he cries--and the heroes get what
 they want only through the bravery of a gifted slave boy (Anakin Skywalker). At
 the end of the desert planet sequence, Anakin is emancipated but separated from
 his mother, who still belongs to Watto. Even in a galaxy far away, the Jews are
 apparently behind the slave trade.

            And then there's Jar Jar Binks, the childlike sidekick with
 the unmistakably West Indian accent and enormous buttocks.
