
   
   
      
         
            No. 250: &quot;Musa vs. Ake&quot;

            
               On Wednesday,
 Musashimaru defeated Akebono to become the 67 th yokozuna. Why is
 this noteworthy?
            

             

            Send
 your answer by 5 p.m. ET Monday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Wednesday's
 Question (No. 249)--"Cam Com Can Gal":
            

            

               
                  The list includes cameras, laptop computers, canvas bags of
 tools, and 665 gallons of water. List of what?
               
            

            "Award
 inducements to Belgrade telephone users who are ready to switch to MCI local
 service."-- Marshall Efron
            

            
 "Things used as stand-ins for Liam Neeson while Star Wars was being
 filmed."--Justin Warner
            

            "To
 the horror of environmentalists, soon the Yangtze River will be composed
 entirely of these items."-- Jennifer Miller
            

            
 "Once-hidden details of Da Vinci's The Last Supper , now clearly visible
 beneath the table."-- Peter Carlin
            

            "Robot
 punch. Serves 10,000."-- Chris Kelly
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's Large
 Intestine Wrap-Up
            

            Although many of you submitted enema jokes, I ran
 none--an aesthetic not a political decision, if such a distinction is possible.
 Some laugh at colonic humor, some don't. I have no doubt that several entries
 were particularly fine examples of rectal comedy. These I have passed along to
 my London counterpart, Sophie Rhys-Cohen, who plans to run them in "Naughty
 Scamp," the English edition of News Quiz, along with many comical pictures of
 men in women's clothing and a terrific photograph of Queen Elizabeth's left
 breast. (At least they said it was hers when Sophie R-C handed over £100,000 of
 Bill Gates' money.)

            Incidentally, Naughty
 Scamp is still encouraging participants to suggest better things to do with
 fresh fruits and vegetables than eat them.
