
   
   
      
         
            How Free Is Louise?

            The
 indictment of President Slobodan Milosevic by the International War Crimes
 Tribunal in the Hague was variously interpreted Friday in the European press.
 The hawkish papers of Fleet Street raised loud hurrahs, while some of the more
 dovish ones on the continent were gloomy about its effects on the Kosovo war.
 There was also widespread suspicion that NATO's war leaders had more to do with
 the timing of Chief Prosecutor Louise Arbour's announcement than she, insisting
 on the independence of her U.N. role, cared to admit. There was general
 unanimity, however, that her decision made a peace settlement much more
 difficult to achieve and increased the prospect of NATO ground troops being
 eventually deployed in Kosovo against Serb resistance.

            In
 London, the Times and the Daily Telegraph , both conservative papers, were delighted.
 The Telegraph said the indictment would put muscle into the United
 States because "though Bill Clinton might be happy to compromise with a
 fugitive from justice, the American people could not stomach such a peace with
 dishonour." The Times said the West "has to thank the brave Canadian
 judge" for ending any chance that NATO would grant Milosevic immunity from
 arrest and prosecution--one of his principal peace conditions. Such immunity
 would not only be "morally repellent," it was "now illegal," it said.

            The
 liberal Independent of London was no less pleased, saying Milosevic
 should have been indicted long ago. Its main front-page headline said the indictment has split the allies, but this was
 effectively contradicted in an article by its political editor, Donald Macintyre, claiming that
 the European allies were holding much closer to the U.S. and British positions
 than was generally imagined and that German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder's
 much-reported statement that a ground invasion was "unthinkable" had actually
 meant only that German troops would not participate.
