
   
   
      
         
            No. 251: &quot;Now Even Reformier&quot;

            
               Rabbi Gary Bretton
 Granatoor of New York's Stephen Wise Synagogue, at the forefront of today's
 Reform Judaism, says, "There is a group in the synagogue called Morei Derech,
 which means role models, and they are lay people taking on responsibilities
 that in the past many congregants felt professionals had to do." What
 responsibilities?
            

            
               
                  (This question
 courtesy of Beth Sherman.)
               
            

             

            Send
 your answer by noon ET Wednesday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Thursday's
 Question (No. 250)--"Musa vs. Ake":
            

            

               
                  
                     On Wednesday, Musashimaru defeated Akebono to become
 the 67 th 
                        yokozuna . Why is this
 noteworthy?
                  
               
            

            "No
 kidding!!! Man, one of these days I'm gonna get cable TV!"-- Craig
 Aranha
            

            
 "Because the New York Times says so."-- Daniel Radosh
            

            
 "Because Musashimaru is actually a ring-tailed lemur."-- Molly Shearer
 Gabel
            

            "By
 dominating sumo, the Americans have finally got the Japanese back for beating
 us in manufacturing."-- Charles Star
            

            "
 'Because there is no Wednesday on the Japanese calendar,' said Encyclopedia
 Brown, as Taylor sputtered with rage. 'Your story's a fake. Therefore,
 you're the real jewel thief!' "-- James Poniewozik
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            Few things are more amusing than the national games
 of other countries. Even the box scores are funny, so comical are the names of
 the athletes. (Although Brazilian car soccer is brilliant: Small cars ram a
 huge ball into a goal. It looks ultra-American, like demolition derby with a
 higher purpose.
