
   
   
      
         
             Death Stamps

            Not content, apparently, with Oregon's pioneering
 status as the first state to legalize physician-assisted suicide, the Oregon
 state government has decided to be the first in the country to offer
 financially assisted suicide as well. Last year the state agency in charge of
 determining Medicaid assistance for the poor included assisted suicide among
 the approved uses of the state's health-care dollars.

            So, how much does it cost to kill yourself, anyway?
 Under the Oregon Death With Dignity Act you must consult with a physician and a
 psychiatric counselor before imbibing the $45 cup of hemlock (actually
 Phenobarbital D). It turns out to be quite hard to get a price quote for this
 service over the phone. Medical academics I talked to said you would probably
 need at least five professional visits at $60 each, for a total bill of $350 or
 more. But the two individuals for whom claims have been made so far cost the
 state a total of only $99, which suggests that not a lot of handholding was
 going on.

            Since death itself costs
 $45, the two-for-$99 figure suggests that the poor of Oregon who claim this
 benefit are getting only $4.50 worth of dignity. On the other hand, how many
 people are there in Oregon who would like to die but have to go on living
 because they can't scrape together $49.50?

            But here's the killer. Before expanding the definition of
 "health services" to include intentional death by overdose, Oregon was known
 for another kind of health-policy sang-froid. A few years ago the state
 expanded medical benefits to cover more people but fewer ailments. A Health
 Services Commission was set up to consider all illnesses and the treatments
 available and to prioritize them on a cost-benefit basis. This year's list
 identifies 743 different conditions and treatments. There was only enough money
 to treat the top 574 conditions. Venereal warts just made the cut. Uninsured
 sufferers from condition No.
