
   
   
      
         
            Peddling Pedophilia

            
               Hey, APA: Take
 Your Licks
            

            I can grant the dysfunction of our politicians over
 the study published by the American Psychological Association, but David Plotz
 is being uncharacteristically soft on what is, after all, a marked instance of
 using PR doublespeak to avoid taking responsibility (""). The APA is not
 fessing up, and it should.

            You claim that the target article is indeed a
 deserving target, but you don't take on the APA's culpability in publishing it.
 In the first place, it was a peer-reviewed article, so at least three
 independent scholars, in addition to the editor of the journal, felt that the
 article included both legitimate empirical research and a reasonable
 theoretical construct. In the second place, if, as you seem to suggest in your
 "it was a dead letter" argument, the APA publishes articles that are not read,
 mean nothing, and clearly won't be taken seriously, isn't that a striking
 indictment of the APA's publishing pretensions? If it wants the articles it
 publishes to be taken seriously, the association should take criticisms of
 those articles seriously, and so should you.

            You are not reading the APA's statement on this
 with your normal discernment. You write:"The APA distanced itself from the
 study, noting the association's long record of fighting pedophilia and
 insisting that the article does not mitigate the illegality and immorality of
 pedophilia." The APA's historical position on sexual abuse is perfectly
 irrelevant in assessing the meaning and claims of the target article. Critics
 of the article want to talk about what the article actually says, not about the
 APA's historical position.

            Presumably, the APA
 wants the articles it publishes to be taken seriously. Presumably, if the APA
 thinks that reconceptualizing adult-child sexual contact so that some instances
 of it are no longer thought of as constituting abuse is simply a mistake, then
 the APA can come right out and say so.
