
   
   
      
         
            No. 258: &quot;Swiss Dis&quot;

            
               Fill in the blank
 as Christian Levrat assesses Sunday's referendum on asylum seekers: "There is a
 side to Switzerland that is very generous, giving millions to refugees, and a
 stricter side that wants to make sure that people coming in are not
 ____________."
            

             

            Send
 your answer by noon ET Tuesday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Thursday's
 Question (No. 257)--"Big 'n' Sturdy":
            

            

               
                  
                     Dr. Veerabhadran Ramanathan's team from the National
 Science Foundation and the Scripps Institution of Oceanography was surprised by
 the extent, thickness, and persistence. Of what?
                  
               
            

            
 "Deepak Chopra's toupee."-- Gina Duclayan
            

            "Jenna
 Elfman's hips."-- Larry Amoros
            

            
 "Rejection letters regarding grant requests."-- Herb Terns
            

            "The
 belly lox at Barney Greengrass."--Bill Scheft
            

            "The
 cloud of doom over Lamar Alexander's campaign."-- Daniel Radosh ( Peter
 Carlin had a similar answer.)

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's
 Wrap-Up
            

            The worst part about the sea, as Ramanathan and the
 Scripps Institution of Oceanography must both lament when it comes time for
 their annual talent show, is that nothing amusing ever takes place beneath it.
 Which you certainly couldn't say about Errol Flynn. Which is why Noël Coward
 set so few of his plays underwater. James Bond, on the other hand, is always
 poking about in some villain's undersea lair, and his attempts at repartee are
 just parody bait. When the diving suits go on, the witty banter stops.
 Something to do with all those air hoses, like trying to be witty at the
 dentist. It is impossible to name a single amusing movie that takes place
 beneath the waves.
