
   
   
      
         
            Look for the Union Doctor

            Last
 week, when the Department of Justice filed an antitrust suit against the merger
 of two HMO giants, the American Medical Association applauded the suit and took
 credit for urging the government to file it. Insurers were "intent on capturing
 the medical marketplace," seeking "too much power to dictate the health care
 options offered patients," said AMA Chairman Randolph Smoak.

            Two
 days later, the AMA voted to set up a doctors' union and to lobby Congress for
 an antitrust exemption allowing all physicians to bargain collectively. Cynics
 suggested that doctors were abandoning the Hippocratic oath for hypocritical
 politics. To deflect this criticism, the AMA associated itself with favorable
 images of organized labor while dissociating itself from unfavorable ones.

            

               1. We're on your side. Chip Kahn, president of the Health
 Insurance Association of America (HIAA), which lobbies for HMOs, accused
 doctors of seeking bargaining power to raise their incomes "at the expense of
 American consumers and taxpayers." To thwart this charge, the AMA portrayed
 HMOs as the true enemy of consumers, implying that doctors were taking on the
 HMOs in defense of consumers. AMA President Nancy Dickey said doctors would
 "battle insurance companies and managed care plans that put healthy profits
 ahead of healthy patients." "Patient care is not at the top of health plans'
 list of priorities," Smoak asserted. "Our objective here is to give America's
 physicians the leverage they now lack to guarantee that patient care is not
 compromised or neglected for the sake of profits."

            

               2. We're the little guy. HIAA officials depicted doctors as a
 cartel, accusing them of pursuing "collusion" and "price fixing." At a House
 hearing last week, Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission officials
 argued that exempting doctors from antitrust laws would stifle "competition,"
 limit "consumer choice," raise costs, and reduce "quality.
