
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Well, it's as if last week never happened, as all the gains that the stock
 market racked up in the wake of the Fed's interest-rate hike have evaporated,
 and in the space of five or six days we went from being convinced that the Fed
 was done raising rates for the year to being almost certain that it would be
 back in action Oct. 5. The truth is, who really knows? But the one thing that
 has become clearer and clearer is that any notion that bond-market investors
 are more rigorous and less hysterical than stock-market investors is just
 wrongheaded. Bond prices have been oscillating as wildly in the past few weeks
 as Internet prices, and for reasons that are often even less obvious than those
 moving the stock market. Everyone, in other words, is looking forward to
 Monday. So take a nice long weekend, drink heavily (I mean think
 heavily), and wonder, as we all will, where the summer went. On to the
 Chatter.

            1. "ABC announced that Sam Donaldson would no longer be covering the
 White House on a day-to-day basis but would be retaining his title as chief
 White House correspondent 'out of respect to him and his position.' Has this
 guy never read King Lear ?"

            2. "Juniper Networks, which makes routers for the infrastructure of the
 Internet, went public in late June and, at its peak, was up 700 percent in
 two months . The company's now worth $11 billion, despite having only $32
 million in sales. Yesterday, it announced that it was already going back to the
 market for a follow-on offering, selling another 1.5 million shares. Hey, it's
 like Lyndon Johnson said right after the 1964 election, 'Get it all now, boys,
 because it's not going to get any better than this.' "

            3. "Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman told a German business
 daily that the U.S. stock market was endangering the U.S. economy, because
 'a strong market crash' was increasingly likely .
