
   
   
      
         
             Praise the Lord, Pass the Ammo

            Addressing a "God Not Guns" rally of ministers near
 the Capitol a couple of weeks ago, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay offered this
 explanation for the Littleton, Colo., killings: "I got an e-mail this morning
 that said it all. The student writes, 'Dear God: Why didn't you stop the
 shootings at Columbine?' And God writes, 'Dear student: I would have, but I
 wasn't allowed in school.' "

            The view among
 Republicans is that adolescent violence is inevitable given the decline of
 religion. Indeed, until the early 1960s' Supreme Court decisions on school
 prayer, displays of the Ten Commandments were common. And back then, crime was
 much less prevalent than today. So, the House voted to undo the "damage" by
 allowing states to mandate the posting of the Ten Commandments in schools and
 other public facilities.

            In social science terms, the Republicans believe there is a
 correlation between the influence of religion and obedience to the law. The Ten
 Commandments prohibit murder, so exposing people to them could tend to
 discourage lethal violence. The absence of religious faith and norms, on the
 other hand, might incline someone toward homicide. The argument has particular
 force in the context of Columbine, where the gunmen asked two girls if they
 believed in God, and when they answered affirmatively, shot them dead.

            The correlation is not
 implausible, but a correlation is not the same thing as a cause. If we were to
 discover that none of the killers in the various school shootings were in the
 habit of eating pancakes for breakfast, we would have established a
 correlation. But no one would argue that the kids killed because they didn't
 eat enough pancakes--much less that the answer to school violence is a national
 campaign to get children to eat pancakes every day. Once you find a correlation
 between A and B, you still have to demonstrate that one causes the other.

            In this instance, though, conservatives are claiming to
 have found a cause without even showing a correlation.
