
   
   
      
         
            Jesuitical vs. Talmudic

            An exchange occurred not
 long ago in California's Sacramento Superior and Municipal Courts. As a lawyer
 attempted to excuse his client's behavior with a convoluted explanation, Judge
 James Ford interrupted acidly with the comment, "That's just ... that's just
 too Jesuitical for words." The colloquy continued as follows:

             

            
               Lawyer: "Pardon me?"
            

             

            
               Judge: "It's too Jesuitical . You probably didn't go to a
 Jesuit school."
            

             

            
               Lawyer: "Certainly didn't. I am of the Jewish faith."
            

             

            
               Judge: "Then it's too Talmudic for words."
            

            One can almost hear the appreciative chuckles from the
 spectators' gallery at this bit of repartee--the overreactive,
 tension-dispelling response that very mild witticisms tend to produce in solemn
 venues. And yet someone should have risen to say, "Objection!" It is common to
 regard "Jesuitical" and "Talmudic" as synonymous, but this does an injustice to
 both words.

            
 "Talmudic" originally signified nothing more than "of or pertaining to the
 Talmud" ( Oxford English Dictionary ), the Talmud being the postbiblical
 Rabbinic code of Jewish laws and interpretations that is the source of
 authority in Orthodox Judaism. "Jesuitical" originally signified "of or
 pertaining to the Jesuits; belonging to the Society of Jesus; Jesuit"
 ( OED , again), the Jesuits being the Roman Catholic clerical order
 founded by Ignatius Loyola in 1534 as an intellectual bulwark against the
 Reformation. Whatever else may be said about them, both "Talmudic" and
 "Jesuitical" carry connotations of great learning and meticulous attention to
 argument. Where they diverge is in motivation.

            Very early, owing in part to English Protestant
 propagandists, the word "Jesuitical" came to characterize a form of argument
 designed less to seek the truth than to make a case, a form of argument that
 was aggressive and clever but perhaps not always sincere--indeed, one that was
 at times cunningly equivocal or downright deceitful.
