
   
   
      
         
            Old Slate, New Slate

            A few housekeeping
 announcements:

            

               Access to the "
                     Slate
                   Archives" (formerly known as "The
 Compost") is now free to both subscribers and nonsubscribers. Find past

                     Slate
                   articles by using the "Search 
                     Slate
                   Archives"
 function at the bottom of each page or by going to the Archives page (also
 accessible in the "Utilities" drop-down menu). The Archives page features,
 among other delights, a virtual reality function that allows you to imagine
 that it is any week since June 1996, re-create the 
                     Slate
                   Table of
 Contents, and relive the excitement of that particular moment. Or, for those of
 you who didn't read 
                     Slate
                   for the 10 months or so we were
 charging for access to almost all content, this is a handy way to catch
 up.


               While we're giving stuff away, we also have a new free e-mail service:
 daily delivery (five days a week) of 
                     Slate
                  's home page, featuring
 descriptions of and links to every 
                     Slate
                   article that is new that
 day. If your e-mail program accepts mail sent in HTML, you'll get the actual
 home page. If not, you can ask for an all-text version. Click here to sign up.
 (Other e-mail services, including daily "Today's Papers" and weekly delivery of
 our all-text edition, 
                     Slate on Paper
                  , are still services for
 subscribers only.)


               Check out our new "
                     
                        Slate Store
                     ." We
 don't just sell Slate T-shirts and coffee mugs. In fact, we don't sell
 that stuff at all (though we will within a few weeks). But if you want to pick
 up a last-minute Mercedes-Benz, this is the place to do it.
