
   
   
      
         
            The Life Issue

            A
 month ago, when Vice President Al Gore announced his candidacy for president,
 he promised to defend the right to abortion. "Some try to duck the issue of
 choice," declared Gore. "Not me. American women must be able to make that
 decision for themselves. I will stand up for a woman's right to choose." To
 which the wags at National Review replied: "No, [Gore] won't duck the
 issue; he just won't say what its name is."

            
 Abortion rights advocates have ducked the A-word for years. First they said
 they stood for "choice," then they changed their name to "pro-choice," and
 finally they obliterated the debate's physical substance by renaming it "the
 choice issue." For this, they were skewered by abortion opponents. But now the
 anti-abortion folks, too, are dropping the A-word. Abortion is becoming "the
 life issue."

            "Life
 issues" aren't new. The Catholic Church has long discussed abortion,
 euthanasia, and the death penalty under the rubric of "life issues," and a
 former president of the National Right-to-Life (i.e., anti-abortion) Committee,
 Dr. John Willke, has been running the Life Issues Institute for years. What's
 new is the conversion of the plural phrase "life issues," which sensibly
 connected topics relating to mortality, into the singular phrase "the life
 issue," whose only purpose is to replace the word "abortion."

            This
 verbal conversion is being driven by a political conversion. In 1996,
 Republican presidential candidate Steve Forbes supported the right to abortion
 and was ostracized by Christian conservatives. This year, Forbes has made up
 with these conservatives, largely by coming out against legal abortion. He
 seems just as uncomfortable railing against abortion in this election as he was
 defending it in the last one--perhaps because he's faking it, perhaps because
 he worries that pro-lifers think he's faking it, and perhaps because he
 worries that pro-choicers think he's not.
