
   
   
      
         
            China's Spiritual Void

            
 China's banning of the Falun Gong (Buddhist Law) religious sect was strongly
 condemned Friday by the South China Morning Post of Hong Kong. The paper said in an
 editorial that China is facing more than enough crises
 already, from the economy to relations with Taiwan, and it should focus on
 these problems rather than "launch a massive crackdown against a group which
 has never done anything more harmful than organise peaceful protests." The rise
 of Falun Gong is a byproduct of China's new materialism, it said. "The collapse
 of the ideological basis for communist rule in the rush towards a free-market
 economy has left a spiritual void. It is inevitable that people thrown out of
 work or otherwise unsettled by the sweeping changes on the mainland should seek
 solace in some form of religious-like activity. ... Beijing should consider
 itself fortunate that the popular desire for spiritual inspiration took such a
 benign form." Falun Gong's only sin was to build a mass organization
 independent of the Communist Party. "This is something the leadership is still
 not prepared to tolerate. For all the changes that have taken place in recent
 years, yesterday's arrests were a reminder of how far freedom of expression
 remains curtailed on the mainland." The paper reported that more than 70 Falun
 Gong leaders were arrested in China this week, including Ji Liewu, a mainland
 businessman in his 40s who was responsible for bringing the sect to Hong
 Kong.

            
 Announcing the ban Friday, the official China Daily said the
 sect had engaged in illegal activities: advocating superstition and spreading
 fallacies, hoodwinking people, inciting and creating disturbances, and
 jeopardizing social stability. The paper also quoted Chinese Foreign Ministry
 spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue as saying that Falun Gong had been banned because it
 had not been registered in the manner required by law. She also claimed that
 the sect had a declining membership of about 2 million, while other estimates
 have put it as high as 100 million.
