
   
   
      
         
            Gorgeous Isn't Even Skin-Deep

            

               Movies
            

            

               
                  Drop Dead Gorgeous
                (New Line Cinema). Miserable reviews for this
 mockumentary about a Minnesota teen beauty pageant starring Ellen Barkin,
 Kirstie Alley, and Denise Richards. The idea of spoofing the superficial,
 back-stabbing world of teen pageants seems funny to most critics, but all agree
 that the execution is abysmal. It relies heavily on Minnesota-bashing--the film
 has "more lutefisk and Lutheran gags than a year of A Prairie Home
 Companion " (Richard Corliss, Time )--and predictable jokes about
 stage mothers and bitchy teens. Drop Dead Gorgeous was written by a
 former Minnesota Miss Teen runner-up, but despite this insider angle, it offers
 nothing that wasn't done better in 1975's Smile . (Click here to find out what
 the Pageant News Bureau thought of the film.)

            

               
                  The Haunting
                (DreamWorks SKG). Frighteningly bad reviews for this
 old-school horror movie: "The scariest thing about The Haunting is how
 awful it is. No, worse than awful: desperate" (Lisa Schwarzbaum,
 Entertainment Weekly ). Instead of going for the tongue-in-cheek, campy
 horror style so popular of late, director Jan De Bont ( Speed ) relies on
 old-fashioned things-that-go-bump-in-the-night scares. Despite a tasty cast
 (including Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Owen Wilson, and Lili Taylor),
 the only faintly amusing element of the film is the computer-generated special
 effects, which give the haunted house moving statues and doors that sprout
 arms. A remake of a 1963 film adaptation of Shirley Jackson's novel The
 Haunting of Hill House , this version cuts out the psychological elements
 that made the original compelling. Roger Ebert is the only critic to speak up
 in favor of the film, citing the scenery and effects as reason enough to see
 it.
