
   
   
      
         
            The New Death Penalty

            Last
 Friday on Iowa Public Television, George W. Bush was asked to summarize the
 message of his campaign. "I understand governments don't create wealth," Bush
 began. "Governments create an environment in which entrepreneurship and
 producers can flourish. That's why I support cutting the tax rates. That's why
 I support getting rid of the death penalty."

            Hold
 it right there. Did Bush just say he's against the death penalty? And what on
 earth does that have to do with creating wealth?

            He did
 say it, and it has everything to do with creating wealth. A few years ago,
 Republicans not only supported the death penalty; they campaigned on a promise
 to apply it more often. Days after the GOP's victory in the 1994 elections,
 Speaker-to-be Newt Gingrich pledged to bring every plank of the "Contract With
 America" to the House floor, including "an effective, enforceable death
 penalty; beginning to phase-out the marriage penalty in the tax code; allowing
 senior citizens to earn up to $39,000 a year without penalty from Social
 Security; a capital gains cut and indexing."

            Along
 the way, the two "penalties" merged. Republicans began to use the phrase "death
 penalty," like the phrase "marriage penalty," to describe a tax pegged to one
 of life's most sacred passages. The inheritance tax, which had been known as
 the "estate tax," became the "death tax"--which in turn, by association with
 the hated "marriage penalty," became the "death penalty."

            Two
 years ago, Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., told the U.S. Chamber of
 Commerce he would do something about "unfair" taxes, starting with the "death
 penalty." Four weeks ago, House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, declared
 on Fox News that Congress could use the surplus to address "a serious
 unfairness in the tax code, such as the marriage penalty, the death penalty,
 taxes on senior citizens.
