
   
   
      
         
            Some Kind of Wonderful

            In repose, Julia Roberts
 is plainly gorgeous, but she's even more so when she fastens those huge eyes on
 some lucky co-star. She's the anti-Garbo: She doesn't vant to be alone.
 For an "object of beauty," Roberts has an astounding amount of chemistry with
 other actors. She managed to penetrate Rupert Everett's languid self-regard in
 My Best Friend's Wedding (1997) and made the brilliant but remote Denzel
 Washington almost puppyish in The Pelican Brief (1993). In the past,
 Hugh Grant has mainly had chemistry with Hugh Grant, yet in this summer's
 Notting Hill , he focused on something other than his own adorableness.
 Above all, Roberts warms up Richard Gere. An actor known for a narcissistic
 blend of preening and Buddha-like self-containment, Gere proved in Pretty
 Woman (1990) to be a marvel at reflecting her light, like a piece of space
 debris that in the rays of the sun reveals jewellike facets.

            The pair's reunion,
 Runaway Bride , is a laborious screwball romance, which, in its first
 half-hour, had me checking off the details it got wrong about journalism,
 small-town life, and human relations. Roberts plays Maggie Carpenter, a
 hardware store clerk ( check ) and junk sculptor ( check ) with a
 tendency to panic and leave her grooms open-mouthed at the altar. Gere is Ike
 Graham, a New York-based USA Today columnist, who hears about Maggie in
 a bar and, without even a call to confirm his facts ( check ), devotes his
 next piece to an un-PC screed on the inconstancy of all women ( check )
 with this "runaway bride" as Exhibit A. The column makes him instantly
 ( check ) unpopular with all those Manhattan USA Today readers
 ( check ) who recognize him on the street ( check ), not to mention
 the hordes of small-town USA Today readers who wait for the paper's
 delivery truck as if it were the Good Humor man ( check ). After the
 subject of the column responds with a letter composed on a manual typewriter
 ( check ) disputing its facts, his editor and ex-wife ( check ) (Rita
 Wilson) promptly ( check ) fires him ( check ).
