
   
   
      
         
            No. 286: &quot;Supplies Party&quot;

            
               Vinyl rope,
 magnets, large nails. What's the connection?
            

             

            Send
 your answer by noon ET Tuesday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Wednesday's Question
 (No. 285)--"Sir, Counterintuitive, Sir!":
            

            

               
                  
                     
                        
                           Secretary of the Army Louis Caldera has
 announced a plan that will put more guns in American high schools. What is this
 program called?
                        
                     
                  
               
            

            
 "Puberty."-- Alison Rogers
            

            "Take
 Your Father to School Day."--Norm Oder
            

            
 "Project Louie Caldera's Kid Gets an A in Math or Else!"-- Erich Van
 Dussen
            

            
 "Coca-Cola and the U.S. Army Present 'Shoot a Pepsi Drinker and Win a Guest
 Spot on Dawson's Creek ' Contest."-- Charlie Glassenberg
            

            
 "Whatever, just so long as they're not singing 'Mony Mony.' "-- Colleen
 Werthmann
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Randy's Wrap-Up
            

            The admonition, "You
 become what you behold," has yielded to "You become what you belittle." We
 Americans mocked the militarism of German youth in the '30s, and now we're
 embracing Louis Caldera's ballistic schemes. In the '50s, we taunted the clunky
 cars of the U.S.S.R. for their farm-wagon squareness; now we drive cool SUVs.
 The joys of deriding portly Austrian burghers in the '60s haven't prevented us
 from becoming a nation of American fatties. Nor has the fun we all had sneering
 at England's squandering its North Sea oil windfall in the '70s and '80s kept
 the Republican Party from proposing to give away the budget surplus to their
 rich constituents. The frightening conclusion, if mockery precedes mimicry, is
 that any minute now we'll all be working for Tina Brown.
