
   
   
      
         
            The &quot;Tax Scheme&quot; Scheme

            Sunday
 on Meet the Press , White House Chief of Staff John Podesta demonstrated
 how Democrats plan to win the budget debate. Answer to Question 1: The GOP's
 new legislation "uses up the entire surplus for this risky tax scheme." Answer
 to Question 2: "It would clearly be better to ... pay down $100 billion worth
 of debt than pass this risky tax scheme." Answer to Question 3: Failure to cut
 taxes would be "better than seeing this risky tax scheme signed into law." The
 way Podesta puts it, it's not clear whether the "scheme" would cut your taxes
 or raise them. That's the whole idea.

            "Risky
 tax scheme" was coined in 1996 to refer to Bob Dole's proposed 15 percent tax
 cut. According to Democratic National Committee and Clinton-Gore campaign ads,
 Dole's plan was "risky" because it would "balloon the deficit" and force
 Congress "to cut Medicare, education, [and the] environment." The rationale for
 calling it a tax "scheme"--in contrast to President Clinton's tax "cuts"--was
 that it would "actually raise taxes on 9 million working people" by narrowing
 the Earned Income Tax Credit.

            
 Clinton blasted Dole's "risky tax scheme" in every speech, but that wasn't
 enough for Al Gore. In the vice presidential debate, Gore used the phrase eight
 times. Pundits marveled at his robotic repetition. Dole's campaign chairman
 protested that "leaving money in someone's pocket is not a scheme" but later
 conceded that this "focus-group tested" phrase had killed the Republican
 ticket.

            Now
 the deficit has turned into a surplus, and Dole's 15 percent plan has given way
 to other tax-cut proposals. But that hasn't stopped Gore from renewing his
 favorite chant. At a senior citizens' rally last fall, he used the magic phrase
 three times. Republicans "are trying to come up with this huge, risky tax
 scheme and finance it by taking money out of the surplus that has been built up
 entirely because of the Social Security trust fund," Gore warned.
