
   
   
      
         
            No. 291: &quot;Ocelots&quot;

            
               Researchers in
 Dallas tried ocelot scent and rat feces but neither worked as well as Calvin
 Klein Obsession for Men. What were they trying to do?
            

             

            Send
 your answer by noon ET Wednesday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               Monday's Question
 (No. 290)--"Fighting Crime ... With Science!":
            

            

               According to the Cambridge, Mass., Police Department, the list includes
 Mexican-Americans, Pakistanis, Indians, and Cajuns. List of what?
            

            "Those
 who are looking to 'whup Don Rickles' ass' after his last-minute substitution
 for the Indigo Girls at Lilith Fair."-- Tim Carvell
            

            
 "Little brown people who dance around naked in your face, while ranting like
 imbeciles, just to get you to shoot a squirt of pepper spray at them. Because,
 you know, they eat it for breakfast. Or is that Tom Green I just
 described?"-- Molly Shearer Gabel
            

            
 "People who cannot be subdued with pepper spray alone, but require repeated,
 severe beatings. Lamar Alexander is also on this list."-- Charles
 Star
            

            "
 'Native speakers of an Indo-European language. Some forget the large number of
 Dravidian language speakers in India. Grade: B-.' Signed, 'Prof. Chomsky.'
 "-- Matthew Singer
            

            
 "Minorities to be cruelly caricatured in Star Wars: Episode II ."-- Ted
 Barlow
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Chris'
 Wrap-Up
            

            It's hard to know where to draw the line when
 you're making a joke about race, especially when it comes to those shifty,
 no-good Cajuns. I have nothing against them myself, but you know what happens
 when they move in next door. First they turn all the washboards and jugs into
 musical instruments, and the next thing you know all the neighborhood crawfish
 start to disappear.
