
   
   
      
         
            AIDS and Aides

            The New York Times
 says it's the booming dollar. The Washington Post goes with the 2000 Census (Republicans want
 to count heads, Democrats want to use statistical sampling). USA Today
 leads with President Clinton's support of a bill that would bar health
 insurance companies from discriminating against people because of their genes.
 And the Los Angeles Times leads with the Los Angeles harbor pilots
 strike--they're asking for a 72 percent raise to $195,000 a year (hence the
 term "TV pilot?).

            Away from the lead story positions (top right, that is) there is more
 agreement about the news. The NYT , LAT , and WP each have
 front-page pieces about yesterday's announcement that primarily because of
 treatment advances, deaths from AIDS continue to drop in the United States. The
 point is made though, that worldwide, AIDS deaths are still increasing, and
 will probably continue to do so, because of the difficulties involved in
 bringing better therapies to Africa and Asia. Both USAT and the
 LAT give front-page play to another medical story: the development of a
 nasal flu vaccine.

            And those two papers also report that President Clinton's lawyer has
 complained via letter to the producer of the just-released space movie
 "Contact" about the manipulated use of footage of the president in the film.
 The studio involved, Warner Bros., says it just wants Clinton to see the movie
 first before passing judgment. The LAT reveals that it was former
 Clinton press aide, Dee Dee Myers, a technical advisor on the film, who
 initially gave the White House a heads-up about the sequences. If so, you have
 to wonder why the NYT didn't have the story too, since Myers's
 significant other is its L.A. bureau chief, Todd Purdum.

            A quick point about that NYT dollar story. The piece says U.S.
 currency is up against most European currencies and down against the yen, and
 that both developments are good news for the U.
