
   
   
      
         
            No. 292:&quot;Military-Industrial Cineplex&quot;

            
               Porcine
 screenwriter John Milius praises it as "another link between Hollywood and the
 military that seems to have broken down over the years." What is
 it?
            

             

            Send
 your answer by noon ET Thursday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            

               
                  Tuesday's Question (No. 291)--"Ocelots": Researchers in Dallas
 tried ocelot scent and rat feces but neither worked as well as Calvin Klein
 Obsession for Men. What were they trying to do?
            

            
 "Develop a pheromone so selective that Charlton Heston would have virtually no
 chance to take home the prize in his own 'look-alike' contest."-- Gene
 Cluster
            

            
 "Determine whether or not obsession really does lie between madness and
 delusion. Turns out it lies between cat piss and rat poop"-- Flloyd
 Elliot
            

            "Give
 Liddy Dole shivery fits so that she would muff reporters' questions about her
 stance on Medicaid abortion. Obvious Bush campaign dirty trick--and it
 worked!"-- Katha Pollitt
            

            "Find
 a smell that evoked the atmosphere of lonely bachelors' homes."-- David
 Ballard
            

            "Get
 me all hot."-- Dennis Cass
            

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Chris' Wrap-Up
            

            I don't know how Randy does it (Chorus of voices:
 "YOU'RE TELLING US!"). For the last three days I've been tempting carpal tunnel
 while cutting and then uncutting very funny News Quiz answers. It's hard to
 choose, because so many of them make me laugh and laugh until people who should
 by all rights fear me barge into my office and tell me to get a grip. In the
 end, of course, the Top 5 Quiz slots go to friends or people I owe money, but
 that's no reflection on the rest of you. If you don't usually read the second
 page of the Quiz you should, and I feel I've been only cheating myself all
 these months by just looking for my own name and secret encrypted love talk
 from Beth Sherman.
