
   
   
      
         
            No. 293: &quot;Sporting Life&quot;

            
               This weekend,
 6,500 Canadians will jam Montreal's Olympic Stadium to share in a timeless
 spectacle involving bravery, farm animals, and Velcro. What is it?
            

             

            Send
 your answer by 5 p.m. ET Sunday to newsquiz@slate.com .

            
               
                  Wednesday's
 Question (No. 292)--Military-Industrial Cineplex:
               
            

            

               
                  Porcine screenwriter John Milius praises it as "another link between
 Hollywood and the military that seems to have broken down over the years." What
 is it?
               
            

            "The
 dismal failure of Planet USO."-- Beth Sherman
            

            "Both
 'institutions' are now 'forced' to 'admit' 'women.' "-- Seth Mnookin
            

            "Manly
 homosexual love. If you don't believe me, watch any John Milius-written
 screenplay, like Conan the Barbarian ."-- Dan Ricci
            

            
 "Putting some teeth into the drug war, Colombia's right-wing paramilitary death
 squads will now be aided by apple-cheeked American teen-agers. Wolverines!
 Wooo!"-- Daniel Radosh
            

            "Bob
 Hope."-- Brian Jacobsmeyer ( Colleen Werthmann had a similar
 answer.)

            Click
 for more answers.

            
               Chris' Wrap-Up
            

            There are three types of people in Southern
 California: entertainment people, aerospace people, and everyone else. Oddly,
 if you're an entertainment person, you never meet anyone from the aerospace
 industry. That's always struck me as strange. They make death at places like
 China Lake and Point Magu, we sell death at places like Sony. They're
 conscienceless white guys with money, and so are we. Why don't we hang out? I
 don't know, but I'll bet Joan Didion does.

            Hey, remember that
 debate with Walter Mondale where Ronald Reagan said that the military needed
 money for "wardrobe"? Oh, how I laughed.
