
   
   
      
         
            The Clintons' Boomerang Politics
            

            Hey Brent--

            Nice to meet you. I'm a longtime reader of your work, and though we don't
 always agree--or because we don't--I'm glad to have the chance to engage
 directly.

            It's a nasty, muggy morning where I am, the worst of both seasons: dark as
 only fall mornings can be, but still as humid as summer. Even so, I couldn't
 help but gloat a little as I read the papers. What could be more delicious than
 the flap Hillary and Bill have got themselves into over the FALN? Of
 course--maybe not "of course" from your point of view?--I love to see them trip
 over their own manipulative politics. He's had more than 3,000 requests for
 clemency over the years, and this one--for 16 Puerto Rican terrorists so
 unremorseful that they didn't even defend themselves at their trial--is only
 the third he's offered. But we're supposed to believe it has nothing to do with
 Hillary's Senate candidacy and the Puerto Rican voters who could help swing
 that election? Sure. If you buy that, you must still be living in the '50s, or
 whenever it was that we last took what politicians said at face value. Of
 course, Clinton does this sort of thing all the time, and often just as
 brazenly--but here for once, the public caught him at it. Much more
 interesting, in my view, than catching him with any woman. This is what's
 really wrong with his character--the manipulator who thinks that his personal
 ends justify just about any means, no matter how unprincipled.

            But for me, this case goes well beyond Clinton, and the thing I'm really
 glad to see exposed and embarrassed is the time-honored practice of a candidate
 pandering to an ethnic constituency. Sure, that's the oldest form of "diversity
 politics" in the books. Candidates have been doing it in big American cities
 for more than a century now. And sure, I know the argument: If was OK when the
 Irish were benefiting, how can I object today when blacks and Hispanics do?
