
   
   
      
         
            Briefings Encounters

            Nobody has the same lead story today. The Washington Post leads with "the most extensive and
 far-reaching reforms" ever proposed for the UN--which means, it turns out,
 neither staff nor budget cuts. The New York Times
 saves its top right for the first-ever comprehensive Medicare audit, which
 reveals that "the government overpaid hospitals, doctors and other health care
 providers last year by $23 billion, or 14 percent of all the money spent in the
 standard Medicare program." The Los Angeles
 Times leads with California Governor Pete Wilson's proposal of a $1
 billion dollar state tax cut. The LAT says the benefits would extend up
 to those who earn $100,000 a year, then calls it a "middle class" tax cut.
 USA
 Today leads with yesterday's big news on Wall St.--the Dow breaking
 8000.

            But there's a lot of agreement about what belongs on the front page. Dow
 8000 is there also for the LAT , the WP , and the Wall Street Journal . (But not, somewhat surprisingly, for
 the NYT .) The campaign fundraising hearings make it at the LAT ,
 WP , and NYT . The Versace killer manhunt makes it at each of those
 papers and at USAT . And the LAT and WP each have
 front-page stories on whether or not House Republicans are trying to oust Newt
 Gingrich (the players aren't saying).

            The USAT cover story about the Versace case has the disturbing news
 that serial killers are hard to catch, mainly because they traipse through a
 lot of jurisdictions that can't or don't communicate with each other, and
 because they're smart. Their downfall is often, says the piece, that they like
 to taunt their pursuers. Both the WP and NYT report that the
 suspect, Andrew Cunanan, may have met Versace previously, each crediting that
 tidbit to Vanity Fair writer Maureen Orth. The Post has the
 detail that the police are studying the videotape from Versace's security
 system, which does have coverage of the murder scene.
