
   
   
      
         
            The Third Way vs. Having It Both Ways
            

            Afternoon, Brent,

            Thanks for your message. First things first-please call me Tamar. After all,
 we're having breakfast-and, effectively, lunch-together all week long. More
 interesting still, on this at least, we don't seem to disagree all that much.
 Maybe we should dine together more often? (As you can see, even though I write
 about politics, I don't really relish or even like the battle part of it. It's
 sappy, I know-and maybe because I'm a girl, or a rationalist-but I always want
 people to find common ground and settle on some middling, "third-way"
 solution.)

            That's why I think of myself as a New Democrat (I've also been known to vote
 liberal Republican)-which I gather you do not like. And as you suggest, it's
 what New York's left-leaning political establishment-Congressmen Jose Serrano
 and Charles Rangel and the rest-really don't like about Hillary. Sure, these
 people are unhappy that she didn't come to them to kiss their rings and inquire
 before she took a stand on any issues they claim to care about. But more than
 that, what they really can't abide-and you don't like so much either, I
 gather?-is that she isn't going to turn out to be the all-or-nothing,
 never-compromise, hard-core leftist candidate many people have always expected
 she would be.

            So I should be pleased, right? Well, not so fast. Because I don't think
 she's a New Democrat, either-she's certainly no credit to the New Democratic
 movement I'm sometimes drawn to. New Democrat doesn't just mean political
 opportunist. It doesn't mean tacking and trying to have it both ways-as Hillary
 is indeed trying to do, and her husband has been doing for years now. Unlike
 these two opportunists and others like them, politicians who truly occupy
 what's sometimes called "the vital center" find a way to go beyond ideology
 with practical, problem-solving positions that borrow from both sides and
 appeal to voters across the spectrum.
