
   
   
      
         
            Viacom's Acquisition of Mel Karmazin
            

            If there's anything odd about the just-announced merger between Viacom and
 CBS, it's that it seems utterly quaint to worry about whether the concentration
 of so many cable, radio, network TV, and Internet assets in one company is the
 best thing for the free flow of information in a democracy. FCC regulations may
 require the new Viacom to sell a few of its TV stations--because there's a rule
 saying one company can't own stations that serve more than 35 percent of the
 United States--and to either spin off or fold in the still-struggling UPN. But
 for all intents and purposes, the $35 billion deal is done.

            When you think about whether it should have been done, you end up
 confronting again a central paradox of the media business today: The more
 fragmented audiences and consumer markets become, the more important scale
 appears to be. That's true both because the larger you are, the easier it is
 for you to re-purpose content across many different platforms (how's that for a
 jargon-laden clause) and the easier it is for you to promote that content in
 many different places. In the end, the ability to distribute content (and
 advertising) is probably as important as the ability to produce content, and
 even though in the age of the Internet and 95-channel cable systems you'd think
 anyone can get a message out there, successful distribution is still basically
 all about aggregating lots of people. In the old days, CBS could do that just
 by broadcasting All in the Family . Today, it has to use its radio
 stations, its billboards, its TV stations, and its broadcasts. But the fact
 that it can use all those different outlets is essential.

            Now, you could think of this as synergy. And certainly Sumner Redstone, CEO
 of Viacom, likes that idea, as evidenced by things like Simon & Schuster's
 selling MTV books, Paramount's releasing The Rugrats movie, and so on.
 But in a way Redstone's "content is king" refrain seems a bit old-school next
 to the "distribution is king" refrain of Mel Karmazin, who is head of CBS and
 will be the operational head of the new Viacom.
