
   
   
      
         
            Explaining Today's Papers
            

            Readers have requested explanations of some of the terms used in

                  Slate's "Today's Papers" column. Here is a brief
 glossary.

            
               Above-the-fold : On the top half of the front page (therefore visible
 even before the newspaper is unfolded). Signifies one of the most important
 stories of the day, according to that paper's editors.

            
               Evergreen : An article that could run at any time. There are two types
 of evergreens: 1) an article without a direct tie-in to the day's news (e.g.,
 "Traffic on the Rise in Metro Area"); and 2) a story that recurs regularly
 (e.g., "Elderly Threatened by Record Heat").

            
               Front (as a verb): To place a story on the front page. The five
 national newspapers often reach different decisions on which stories to front
 on any given day. (See also, above-the-fold .)

            
               Jump (verb or noun): For a story that begins on one (usually the
 front) page, to continue on another page. Or the place in the story where it
 breaks between pages. Or the entire part of the story after the first page.
 Because studies consistently show that few readers follow an article beyond the
 jump, many papers attempt to lay out the crucial elements of the story before
 the jump. ( USA Today is the most extreme case, with front page news
 stories that almost never jump). Thus, the organization of facts around the
 jump can often reveal a paper's slant on a story.

            
               Lead : The news story deemed most important by the newspaper. In most
 papers, the lead appears on the front page at the top of the right-hand column.
 The New York Times is the strictest about this rule, while USA
 Today --which often runs a feature story across the top of the front
 page--varies the most from this standard. On occasion, the Washington
 Post and Los Angeles Times will displace the lead with a feature
 story--usually one with an eye-grabbing visual.
