
   
   
      
         
            Hilary'd Out
            

            Dear Jodi,

            As a proud resident of a Manhattan neighborhood that I pray will always be
 called the Upper West Side and as a Times reader who has never deigned
 to look at "Circuits," I'm afraid that I don't have much to add to your clever
 insights from the F train.

            The story in today's papers that caused me to mentally brake to a halt was a
 front-page piece in the Washington Post by Alan Sipress about how the
 Los Alamos National Laboratory is now busily researching traffic patterns.
 Since we have all marveled (maybe grumbled might be a better word) at the way
 bottlenecks appear and disappear with no apparent cause, I sped through the
 story in hopes of discovering a telling insight. Alas, all that the scientists
 at Los Alamos and in Germany seem to have come up with is a series of new
 metaphors to describe traffic jams. Are they like "water molecules freezing
 into ice"? Or is traffic movement akin to "the remarkable darting motion of a
 school of fish"? The article, though, did have one memorable bit of deadpan
 humor. A scientist, Chris Barrett, is described as the man "who convinced Los
 Alamos that traffic was a matter of grave national security." Unmentioned in
 the Post was that Dwight Eisenhower used the same flimsy
 national-security excuse to build the interstate highway system.

            I'm indebted to Republican political maven Rich Galen and his e-mail
 newsletter "Mullings" for putting the Hillary interview in its proper context:
 It's the media's "August story," an overhyped journalistic frenzy designed to
 cover the fact that when the shrinks go on vacation, there is virtually no real
 news. (Galen, who is a friend, makes his insights available to the world at
 www.mullings.com.) A typical August story, which I remember from my early days
 at Newsweek ," was the 1983 democracy-in-peril scandal called
 "Debategate." There were breathless charges, never fully proved as I recall,
 that someone from the 1980 Reagan campaign had swiped Jimmy Carter's debate
 notebook.
