
   
   
      
         
            La Rochefoucauld Has the Last Laugh
            

            Good morning, Brent,

            Well, it's almost as good as an old-fashioned morality tale, isn't
 it-something from the Grimm brothers or La Rochefoucauld? The fox tries to have
 it both ways: breakfast of chickens, maybe, and lunch on their eggs. But
 somehow the farmer foils the little predator's scheme, and he ends up with
 nothing-neither chicken, nor eggs. So, now, with Hillary. The FALN terrorists
 have accepted Bill's clemency offer, and she ends up with nothing but egg on
 her face. Downstate liberals and ethnic activists will never forgive her for
 opposing the commutation deal, but she has nothing to show to more conservative
 upstate New York voters, either. The Puerto Rican terrorists go free, and not
 only is she proven utterly powerless to stop them, but most people suspect that
 she was responsible for the clemency offer in the first place.

            It's a happy ending for people like us-and you and I do seem really in
 agreement on this-who think that one of the worst things about politics these
 days is all these gutless candidates trying to have it both ways. The moral of
 the story, à la La Rochefoucauld: Trying to have it both ways usually gets you
 neither. But all this brings me back to where I started yesterday: I know I
 could be gloating, but somehow in the end, the whole thing is just depressing.
 Surely, America deserves politicians who can do better than this?

            But the truth is, when I think about it, I wonder if that's so. Maybe we get
 precisely the politicians we deserve-because, after all, we usually reward the
 ones who pander to us or try to have it both ways. And those who take on thorny
 issues or take strong stands or-worst of all-try to find a truly honorable and
 principled middle ground are usually only punished for their trouble.

            Think about the presidential 2000 beauty contest. Gore and Bradley have got
 themselves into a shameless arms race, each one trying to outdo the other in
 flattering and cajoling minority voters.
