
   
   
      
         
            W(h)ither the Travel Guide?
            

            Careful, Jodi-reading your evocative description of the Maxwell Street
 Market, I could sense your inner travel writer clamoring to run free. But the
 guidebook might be extinct before you have a chance to bring your gifts to the
 tourist masses. Accurate contact information (Web sites, phone numbers), it
 seems, is only a stopgap measure in the battle against obsolescence. If you've
 got to get online anyway, what's to stop the reader from eliminating the middle
 man by using an online content site? Very little, when you're visiting an
 American metropolis.

            Even if the city guide is endangered, I have high hopes for the real wonder
 of the species, the regional guide. A book that can point you from the bus
 station to a reliable place to eat and sleep in a remote Indian village, day
 after day, is amazing. And the sympathetic voice of a paperback travel
 companion, even one as chatty as Frommer's, can be quite a balm on those lonely
 train rides when no one else in your compartment speaks your language.

            But which guides do I like specifically? I find myself agreeing with the
 Access Guide most often. And I love their "celebrity" picks: Frommer's may be
 the Cronkite of travel guides, but only Access has Walter himself telling you
 where to nosh on the Upper West Side (Zabar's). Fodor's solidity and
 unapologetic stodginess warm my heart, but its Compass American book can't make
 up in literary savvy what it lacks in maps and practical information. The
 Lonely Planet earns its keep, particularly with its clear, compact maps. It's
 also let me in on some secret, out-of-the-way neighborhoods that other guides
 neglect-the borough of Brooklyn, for example.

            But without a large, unwieldy fold-out map, the Lonely Planet will likely be
 overlooked by the new "tourist chic" elite. I love that the drive for
 tourist-free fun is coming full circle, pushing hipsters back on the beaten
 path.
