
   
   
      
         
            Mir Mortals

            The New York Times and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the ongoing Mir saga. The Washington Post has Mir on the front but below the fold,
 while making its top national story the sudden departure of Rep. Bill Paxon
 from the House Republican leadership. USA Today
 also has Mir on the front below the fold, but leads with the looming trouble
 between President Clinton and the European Economic Union over the proposed
 Boeing-McDonnell Douglas merger, which he supports and the EU is likely to
 reject as being a threat to the European aircraft manufacturer, Airbus.

            The papers give the general impression of a Mir crew that is getting more
 stressed out by the minute. Yesterday an astronaut mistakenly unplugged a
 critical cable, thereby disabling the craft's guidance system and causing a
 power loss. Despite this, NASA announced that it was going to allow the
 American member of the Mir crew, Michael Foale, to begin training for a repair
 space walk. The actual decision on Foale's participation in the walk itself has
 yet to be made. The LAT attributes the view to Rep James Sensenbrenner,
 chairman of the House Science Committee, that, in the paper's paraphrase, "NASA
 is now putting Foale's life at risk."

            As to which astronaut pulled the cable, the NYT simply reports that
 "the Russian officials would not say." According to USAT , the word from
 the Russians was, "We have not asked them yet and it does not matter for us."
 In the WP , the Russian mission director says the reason for the silence
 about the crewmembers is, "I don't want them executed in the mass media."

            The Paxon exit is widely seen as fallout from his participation in a failed
 attempt by House Republicans earlier this week to unseat Newt Gingrich from his
 Speaker's post. The WP and USAT headlines say Paxon quit. The
 NYT header says Gingrich ousted him. USAT sources the stories
 about Paxon's anti-Newt moves to "many Republicans," while the WP speaks
 instead vaguely of "disclosures.
