
   
   
      
         
            Massaging the Press; Pressing the Flesh
            

            Dear Tamar,

            Take it easy there. I did not intend to cast aspersion. But you seemed to be
 upset that Bill Bradley appeared in Harlem and tried to feel the American
 Negro's pain. I agree that these episodes can be awkward-and, Lord, if they are
 awkward for you, how do you think they feel for me. But the fawning often stems
 from a naked earnestness like Bill Bradley's. Sometimes it stems from the
 candidate's failure to understand that black and brown voters have pretty much
 the same interests as white voters. They want: the schools to work; the jobs to
 be plentiful; the streets to be safe.

            As for George Bush coming to shake hands at Unity in Seattle, perhaps it was
 "a throwaway" as you say-but no more so (and quite probably less so)
 than shaking hands with farmers in Iowa. The people at the Seattle conference
 are opinion makers, many of them. What they do and say could end up being
 crucial as the wheels of this campaign grind forward. In short, when things get
 tight, many of those Unity-goers will be rendering opinions in cold, hard
 print. Bush would have been ill-advised to pass them by.

            I remember covering the early Clinton in New England in '92 and thinking, My
 Lord, what a shaker of hands and massager of backs! I asked him way back then
 what it would take to win. He said, "Give the same speech everywhere. Shake
 hands (meaning 'touch') as many as people as possible." I thought, "Boy, this
 guy is confident of his power to press the flesh." But flesh-pressing is the
 stuff that the trade is made of and Bill did it better than anybody. The issues
 are important, Tamar, but the voters tend to make powerful, intestinally based
 judgments of a candidate's likability. Which is why George has a chance against
 Gore or Bradley-and why his father lost to Clinton.

            I apologize for not having read your book. But there is still time.

            As for the "hard" issues, I take it that you mean affirmative action.
