
   
   
      
         
            Indo-amnesia

            The continuing violence in East Timor leads at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times . The New York Times
 off-leads the story, choosing instead to go with Janet Reno's selection, to be
 announced today, of ex-Sen. John Danforth to head up an independent executive
 branch re-investigation of the FBI's 1993 operations at Waco. The NYT
 says that the choice of the Republican ex-senator is an effort to quell bitter
 Republican criticism of Reno, exemplified by Wednesday's call by Sen. Trent
 Lott for her resignation. Lott vs. Reno is the Post's off-lead, but it's
 not on the LAT or USAT fronts. Nobody besides the NYT
 fronts Danforth.

            The USAT lead goes high with the U.N.'s decision, driven by a fear of
 abandoning East Timor to murdering militias, to buy some time by delaying until
 Friday the planned evacuation of its remaining personnel from East Timor. The
 paper also detects the first outside military stirrings, however faint: a
 British ship steaming to the area, and talks between the U.K. and Australian
 militaries. But, the coverage notes, despite what the WP calls a
 "scorched earth" situation in Dili, the U.S. is not ready to send in troops.
 The NYT says the Clinton administration is willing to support the
 multinational peacekeeping force that Australia has volunteered to lead but
 only if it is invited in by Indonesia.

            The NYT Timor front-pager focuses on the Washington tempo,
 noting for instance that the Department of Defense is taking the lead there,
 with the Pentagon's top soldier trying to jawbone Indonesia's top general into
 personally taking firm control of the situation. (The Times notes that
 threatening to halt U.S. military aid to Indonesia isn't much of a stick: this
 currently totals $476,000.) The paper also observes (as does the LAT )
 that the IMF may serve as a powerful brake on Indonesian misbehavior, in that
 it has promised, but not yet delivered, tens of billions in emergency financial
 support.
