
   
   
      
         
            The Return of the L-Word?
            

            Dear Brent,

            Well, I know Bradley's formal announcement is hardly news--he's been running
 for president for years now, hasn't he?--but I was struck by the stories this
 morning. Never mind the "aw shucks" stuff: We expected that. Also the now de
 rigueur claims that he'll restore the dignity of the Oval Office, won't be
 driven by polls, etc., etc. What interested me was his unabashed,
 old-fashioned, capital-L-liberal pitch. He's really running on the idea of
 helping poor people--"strengthening the weak" and "challenging the strong" and
 spreading the new stock-market prosperity to the least among us.

            I'm not complaining: more power to him if he can pull it off. But it sort of
 amazes me that he thinks it will work in late 1990s America. Just a few years
 ago, the very word "liberal" was taboo. And the ever astute Clinton would no
 more claim to be a liberal than he would try a tell a story about himself
 without spin: Remember all that stuff about "triangulating" and the Democrats
 as the party of the suburban middle class? I didn't think I'd see another
 declared liberal Democrat in my lifetime (outside of New York City, of course).
 And what I really wonder is: Could Bradley be on to something--politically?

            Is the me-too generation finally growing up and looking beyond itself? Is
 the comfortable middle class so comfortable now that people feel they can
 afford to be liberal again? Arthur Schlesinger Jr. always told us this would
 happen: that American politics run in cycles of conservative constraint and
 liberal largesse--and, I suppose, in his own way, Bush too has signaled that he
 sees a new mood dawning. With "compassionate conservatism," he, too, is banking
 on a sense that the public wants to think of itself as generous again now:
 generous, caring, altruistic and--yes, let's face it--liberal. The question
 remains, of course, how ?
