
   
   
      
         
            Journalistic Integrity, and Other Oxymorons
            

            I'll do you one better: Let's pose as guidebook writers, and get someone
 else to pick up the tab for our visit to Niagara. I'll impersonate the Lonely
 Planet writer, and recommend seeing the Falls the "authentic way," by
 barrel.

            It's true that listening to a guidebook's cheerleading gets tiresome. But a
 travel guide full of panned restaurants is useless. If a book doesn't like a
 place, they shouldn't list it. The exception, of course, is in small towns or
 isolated locales (e.g., Liberty Island) where a forgettable restaurant or hotel
 might be the only option. Another factor that discourages negative reviews is
 the risk of a libel suit.

            The real problem is that none of the guides sift through all the stuff and
 tell you what's right for whom. Even in a general guidebook there's room for
 specialization: the best green spots, the best museums and galleries, etc.
 Fodor's has suggested itineraries, Access and Frommer's have rating systems,
 but it still seems that you've got to read the entire book to make sure you're
 not missing something that you'd enjoy, and that can be wearisome no matter how
 well they're written.

            When I worked for Let's Go, editors cobbled together a list of restaurants,
 hostels, and hotels and sent them complimentary service vouchers, which they
 would sign and return. Researchers could then visit the establishments
 anonymously, and present the voucher when the bill arrived. This method does
 prevent preferential treatment, but I do think that a free lunch can compromise
 your review whether your employer or the restaurant pays--footing the bill is
 an integral part of the dining experience, and it's harder, if only slightly,
 to rate the value of a meal someone else buys. In general, though, I've found
 travel writers to be honorable folk. And even the unscrupulous are more
 interested in eating for free in restaurants they have no intention of listing
 than in taking kickbacks from low-quality establishments in exchange for
 inclusion.
