
   
   
      
         
            Passing on the Left
            

            Dear Tamar,

            Bill Bradley was known as "Dollar Bill" when he played professional
 basketball--not because of how he played but because he squeezed his dollars
 until they wept and cried. While his teammate Walt Frazier ran around in mink
 coats and Rolls Royces, Dollar Bill wore the same ratty trench coat and shoes
 run down at the heels. Just something I thought you'd like to know. We are back
 again at tactics. The Bradley inside crew has looked at what seems like a lock
 by Al Gore and decided to run to Gore's left. The Gorites have seen this and
 are protecting that flank--but not too flagrantly. They showed this recently
 with the Gore proposal to achieve health insurance for more of America's
 children. Not all "tactics" are evil. This a worthy goal, one that will save us
 all those emergency-room dollars--but it is part of a political maneuver as
 well. Bradley has rightly sensed discontent among traditional Dems about
 Clinton's me-tooism with respect to Republican philosophy. The problem is that
 the discontent was eclipsed by public anger about the impeachment drama.

            The brilliance of the conservative movement (take a bow, you crafty
 Kristols) lies principally in how it changed the language of American
 politics. "Liberal" became a pejorative, synonymous with weakness, taxation,
 overspending--and blind obeisance to welfare cheats and Negroes. Liberals were
 nonplused and bit their nails as the conservative ideology machine turned them
 into pulp. That machine would still be dominating the debate--had it not been
 for Newt and the radicals who overplayed the mandate and made the American
 people edgy. Dollar Bill, Rhodes Scholar that he is, is smart enough to know
 all this and is betting that there will be some daylight to the left of Gore.
 George W. is in the same ball park. He saw that frothing Republican convention
 in '92 that spelled disaster for his party.
