
   
   
      
         
            Sega Dreamcast Ads We'll Never See
            

            Unless you're a hardcore gamer, you may not know that today saw the debut of
 Sega's Dreamcast video-game console, the first 128-bit system ever (that means
 it's really fast) and the last hope for a corporation that has gone from having
 one of the strongest brands in the world to having the words "laggard" and
 "also-ran" permanently affixed to its name. But even if you haven't noticed
 Dreamcast before today, it's a safe bet that over the next few months the
 product is going to become inescapable, since Sega is in the process of
 spending tens of millions of dollars on an elaborate marketing campaign that
 includes, among other things, sponsoring tonight's MTV Video Music Awards.

            Dreamcast is, incidentally, quite dazzling, and the NFL 2000 game from Sega
 in particular is the most amazing sports video game ever created. But what with
 even more high-powered game systems arriving next year from Sony and Nintendo,
 Sega can't rely on technology alone, although word of mouth should help sell a
 lot of the consoles. And so we're getting a sophisticated, pseudo-grassroots ad
 campaign, with edgy graphics and oblique slogans. It's a good campaign, but
 it's not exactly revolutionary.

            That's not surprising, since at this point in the history of marketing, it
 seems impossible that you might actually come across something new. The irony,
 though, is that the TV ads for Dreamcast that Sega has run in Japan--where the
 system was launched last November--really are like nothing you've ever seen
 before. They're self-flagellating, bitter ads that acknowledge not only Sega's
 past blunders--in the early 1990s, Sega was the dominant video game maker, but
 it was crushed by both Sony and Nintendo when the Playstation and N64
 systems--but also the quixotic nature of the Dreamcast launch.

            The ads star an actual senior managing director of the company, a man named
 Yukawa Hidekazu, who looks much like what you imagine Japanese salarymen look
 like.
