
   
   
      
         
            IRA Withdrawal

            The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times agree that today's top story is the IRA's announcement
 that it would reinstate the cease-fire it had observed between August, 1994 and
 February, 1996. The Washington Post leads instead with six columns--the
 beginning of a multi-part series, with related articles inside--on the sad
 state of the Washington D.C. municipal government under Mayor Marion Barry. The
 piece runs under a banner headline: "From the Top, a City That Doesn't
 Work."

            According to the NYT , the IRA cease-fire "announcement came after
 British Prime Minister Tony Blair had made several important concessions to
 [the IRA's political arm] Sinn Fein to obtain the new cease-fire, notably
 saying that disarmament of [IRA and Protestant] paramilitaries would not have
 to start before the September talks." And the paper reports that Sinn Fein's
 leader, Gerry Adams, and British and Irish officials all said they hoped the
 cease-fire would mean Sinn Fein would be joining upcoming peace talks.

            Neither the words "bomb" nor "murder" appear in the NYT account. (A
 concession to a large Irish-American readership?) By contrast, the LAT
 coverage is pretty explicit about what the IRA's been up to lately. Its second
 paragraph states that the cease-fire means the IRA is "renouncing a terrorist
 campaign that has included bombings, the killings of two policemen and the
 disruption of public services in recent months." Which is why it's surprising
 that the LAT commits the unclarity of saying that the earlier cease-fire
 "ended without warning in February, 1996 with a London truck bomb that killed
 two people," without mentioning that the explosion was attributed to the
 IRA.

            The WP on the D.C. government is a tale of resources amassed but not
 delivered. The paper reveals that despite having the highest rates of new AIDS
 infection, tuberculosis, and infant mortality in the nation, the city's
 Commission on Public Health fumbled spending $89 million in federal grant money
 targeted to just these areas.
