
   
   
      
         
            Chattermailbox: FDR and Rock 'n' Roll

            Walter S. Mossberg, who writes the "Personal Technology" column for the Wall Street Journal ,
 but whose true expertise lies in the field of music (when Chatterbox worked at
 the Journal 's Washington bureau, he was the only person there who knew
 all the words to Woody Guthrie's "Union Maid"), takes exception to 
 this column's assertion that baby boomers were not the first large
 mainstream audience to embrace rock 'n' roll (which previously, of course, had
 been embraced by blacks). In an e-mail, Mossberg writes:

            

               
                  I agree that it's absurd to make some sharp delineation between
 generations in the late 1950s and early '60s. Clearly there were boomers who
 didn't get rock music, and some members of the prior generation of teens who
 did get it. Early rock co-existed with pallid pop music. Nothing was as
 clear-cut about those days as it seems from today's perspective.
               

               But let me tell you why I think you may have been too dismissive when you
 wrote, "Were the consumers who turned 'Rock Around the Clock' and 'Heartbreak
 Hotel' into hit records 9 and 10 years old? Of course they weren't. They were
 teen-agers who'd been born during and shortly before World War II."

               As a second-year boomer (March 1947, about six months younger than Clinton),
 I can testify that between the ages of 9 and 13 we were very musically adept in
 my whitebread, spanking new suburban neighborhood in R.I. And we had
 allowances, and we bought rock records. It was during those years in the late
 '50s, in fact, and not the '60s, that many of us older boomers were first
 turned on to rock, began following the artists, and--defying parental
 wishes--began listening clandestinely to the handful of DJs who played rock 'n'
 roll. And, believe me, if a city had one such DJ, that was a lot.

               It was during the fifth, sixth, and seventh grades for me--not high
 school--that I began to buy 45s and listen to people like Elvis, Little
 Richard, and Duane Eddy.
