
   
   
      
         
            Long Live Travel Guides
            

            Andrew, please don't send your guidebooks off to Fresh Kills just yet (did
 they overlook this site? Located in Staten Island, it's the largest and most
 poetically named garbage dump in the world). I don't think the Web will make
 any of our books extinct, or even slow their evolution into ever-diversified
 species. To toss off a cliché of my own, the Web is just too unruly. One of the
 marvelous things about our books is the way they organize a major metropolis
 and its millions of component parts into a digestible, unintimidating,
 navigable package. They tell us what to see, where to start, and-this is very
 important-what to do in case we lose a wallet or rupture an appendix. The Web
 is host to some excellent travel sites, but you'd have to visit several of them
 in order to produce a commensurately comprehensive guide. You wouldn't have a
 table of contents or an index. And you'd have to traipse around with a thick
 sheaf of computer printouts instead of a slim paperback.

            That said, if electronic books ever replace printed ones, travel guidebooks
 will surely be first among the wired. Our kids will probably hit the road with
 Palm Pilot XXVIIs stuffed in their backpacks. Instead of buying an actual book
 before they depart (or hunkering down with 10 of them in the local Barnes &
 Noble and scribbling down the best of each, as I usually do) they'll simply
 download the latest version of the Lonely Planet Guide to Graceland, which will
 contain constantly updated train schedules, hotel prices, and restaurant menus.
 They'll enjoy the coherence and organization of our guidebooks, but also the
 accuracy and timeliness of the Web.

            To finish off the book reviews, let me predict that the Access Guides may be
 out of business by then. Each day I've tested it, my Access Guide has lagged
 farther and farther behind the others. Richard Saul Wurman, the information
 impresario who created the series, started off in the telephone book business
 (click here for
 his illustrious bio), and his guides work very much like your local White
 Pages.
