
   
   
      
         
            A Little Closing Music
            

            Dear Tamar,

            Isn't that just the way. Just as the DJ puts on the hottest tunes, the party
 is over. Let me depart with some personal history that readers who wish to can
 find in my memoir Parallel Time: Growing Up in Black and White . I was
 recruited to college off of a street corner in a dying factory town where black
 boys were traditionally channeled into dead-end vocational jobs. I remember
 being startled when a college professor visiting our town told me after an
 hour's conversation, mainly on the street, that I was college material and
 would do rather well there--something that guidance counselors and teachers at
 my high school had never said, despite my appetite for Shakespeare. I went to
 Widener University, south of Philadelphia, where I found myself in the company
 of a great many prep-school boys who had blond hair, orthodonture--and every
 other conceivable advantage, including prepping for the SATs that had probably
 boosted their scores by 100 points or more. I was middling performer in high
 school and middling performer on the SATs but in fact graduated 26th
 or so out of 400 or so from Widener--well ahead of all those characters with
 the orthodonture and prep-school educations. I was quicker (dare I say "more
 intelligent?") and a far better writer. Which amazed the faculty to no end,
 since the school had been relatively Negro-free for the previous century. I
 gave the honors commencement speech a few years ago and what an interesting
 evening that was.

            In this vein, I would also point you to Claude Steele's most illuminating
 essay in the Atlantic just recently about the role of racial
 stereotyping--by white professors of black students--in suppressing academic
 performance among even superlative black performers. Mr. Steele is rather a
 genius, I think, along the lines of early geniuses such as the Harvard
 psychologist Gordon Allport, who seemed to see it all.
