
   
   
      
         
            Slander Patrol: Did Bradley Flip Over Vouchers?

            Both the Republicans and Democratic supporters of Al Gore have been laying
 into Bill Bradley for reversing his position on school choice. New Hampshire
 State Senator Lou Allesandro, a Gore backer, was quoted yesterday in the
 Manchester Union-Leader saying that Bradley recently changed his
 position from pro-voucher to anti-voucher "for political expediency." The
 current issue of Newsweek makes the same claim, charging Bradley with a
 flip-flop on the issue.

            The critics note that Bradley voted for experimental voucher programs in the
 Senate as recently as 1992 but now says he doesn't think vouchers are the
 answer to problems of education. In an appearance last week in Cleveland--where
 a voucher program has been the subject of a heated court battle--Bradley also
 raised an objection to vouchers based on the separation of church and
 state.

            Sounds like an open-and-shut case. But Bradley's position isn't really
 contradictory. It's perfectly consistent--and reasonable--to support
 small-scale experiments with vouchers while expressing skepticism about their
 potential efficacy and about whether they can pass constitutional muster. The
 argument is that since no one knows for certain what kind of education reform
 will ultimately be most effective, we should try a lot of different ideas on a
 relatively small scale. This was, in fact, Bradley's stated position when he
 was in the Senate. Here's what he said about vouchers at a National Press Club
 lunch in 1991:

            

               I think the jury is out as to whether it actually would lead to
 an improvement of education. I think that choice should be considered. I have
 some reservations about it, but in the course of an education bill that moves
 through the Congress I think we can look at it thoroughly, and it is a
 possibility. As I say, I have some reservations about it, and I think that you
 have to confront some of the basic questions about who will receive the
 vouchers.
