
   
   
      
         
            What Is Money Laundering?
            

            Federal investigators suspect that Russian mobsters may have
 used the Bank of New York to launder as much as $10 billion over the last two
 years. What exactly is money laundering and how does it work?

            In short, money laundering is the conversion of illegally obtained profits
 into funds that appear legitimate--that is, making "dirty" money "clean." It is
 used by drugs traffickers, arms smugglers, and anyone else who needs to spend
 ill-gotten gains without arousing suspicion. White collar criminals and corrupt
 political leaders also frequently launder funds to avoid taxes or conceal
 embezzlement.

            The simplest form of money laundering is combining criminal profits with
 earnings from a legitimate, cash-intensive business. For example, say a drug
 dealer wants to disguise $10,000 in monthly profits from cocaine sales. So, he
 buys a bar that takes in $50,000 a month--mostly in cash. At the end of each
 month, he slips an extra $10,000 into his till and reports $60,000 in bar
 revenue. Although his drug income is now taxable, it is worth that price to
 make the profits appear legal.

            Larger amounts, like $10 billion, can't just be slipped into the till.
 Laundering big sums generally involves three steps:

            
               Placement : The cash proceeds (often thousands of small-denomination
 bills) enter the legitimate banking system. Many countries require that large
 cash transactions (in the United States, anything above $10,000) be reported to
 authorities. So, launderers often deposit proceeds piece by piece or export the
 money to countries with relaxed banking regulations.

            
               Layering : The money is separated from its criminal origins through
 complex financial transactions. Often, funds will be transferred dozens of
 times through multiple accounts, companies, and countries, making the paper
 trail virtually impossible to follow.

            
               Integration : The money returns to its original source, apparently as
 legitimate income.
