
   
   
      
         
            Which Creation Theory?
            

            Last month, the Kansas Board of Education voted to remove evolution from the
 state's required curriculum. The decision was a victory for those who favor at
 least equal treatment for creationism. But several

                  Slate
                readers, responding to William Saletan's
 Frame Game on the controversy, note that while there
 is basically only one theory of evolution, there are many different theories of
 creation. Here are a few:

            
               Buddhism , unlike most religions, does not have a single creation
 story. There is, instead, an endless cycle of creation, destruction, and
 rebirth. At the beginning of each kalpa (or era), there is nothing but water
 and darkness. As time passes, land slowly forms on the water's surface. The
 only living creatures are spiritual beings who were reborn at the end of the
 previous kalpa. Eventually, one of these being is tempted by the pleasures of
 earth, abandons his soul-life, and takes on the form of a man. As others
 follow, they begin to experience the jealousy, desire, and misery of a physical
 existence (this is the period in which we are living). In time, the world
 dissolves, returning all creatures to the soul-life and beginning the cycle
 once again.

            African creation stories are varied. The Fans --a Bantu tribe--tell of
 an imperfect creation. The god, Nzame, created the earth and populated it with
 animals. Deciding that it needed a ruler, he made Fam, the first man. But Fam
 became insolent, abusing the animals and neglecting to worship Nzame. So, Nzame
 buried the earth in soil and tried again--this time, beginning with a tree. As
 its leaves fell, they became the animals and fish of the new world. Nzame then
 made a new, more humble man. Needing a family, the man created a woman from a
 tree. Together, they had many children.

            
               Hindus also have multiple creation stories, though they are all seen
 as different reflections of Brahman--the uniting holy principle of Hinduism.
