
   
   
      
         
            Good Sports

            Although international affairs lead all papers, above-the-fold photos of
 Serena Williams celebrating her U.S. Open victory dominate the front pages. The
 New York Times leads with
 the restarting of negotiations over China's entry into the World Trade
 Organization; the other papers refer the story. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with an exclusive: In an interview a Yugoslav general
 threatened to reenter Kosovo by force if the United Nations does not allow Serb
 soldiers back into the province. The Washington Post leads with Indonesia's softening stance on
 allowing peacekeepers into violence-torn East Timor; the other papers also
 front the story.

            The chief of Indonesia's armed forces, Gen. Wiranto, expressed willingness
 to accept an "accelerated deployment" of peacekeeping troops. Hours later
 Wiranto reframed his message by saying that he would consider "security
 cooperation." Indonesia's U.N. ambassador asserted that it was not time for
 peacekeepers. President Clinton suggested that the U.S. military might offer
 logistical support for an Australian-led peace force. The Post reports
 that a 10-member U.S. military team arrived in Australia to help plan for an
 East Timor operation.

            The NYT boldly heads its story "Jakarta Concedes A Loss of Control,"
 but the LAT makes clear that no coherent message is emanating from
 Jakarta. The paper underscores that Gen. Wiranto made his comments in informal
 talks with a U.N. delegation he was escorting around East Timor. The general
 acknowledged that some of his troops might be allying themselves with violent
 anti-independence militia groups.

            The LAT and NYT report that during the high-ranking U.N.
 delegation's visit to East Timor no shots were heard, but the officials could
 see that the city was in ruins. In the East Timorese U.N. compound, civilians
 cowered in fear of the next paramilitary onslaught. The Post reviews
 evidence of atrocities tied to the Indonesian military.
