
   
   
      
         
            Life as Moebius Strip
            

            Dear Nora:

            I didn't watch the Open, if by "Open" you mean this big tennis thing in
 Queens; I don't watch sports, except the very occasional Knicks playoff or
 World Series Games 4, 5, 6, or 7.

            I did watch some of the Emmys, although not as much of it as my youngest
 daughter, Lucy, who at 9 is as deeply and weirdly interested in celebrotainment
 (e.g., Emmy Awards shows, the Oscars, Entertainment Weekly ) as I was at
 her age. I got over it, more or less, so trust that she will, too. The
 conventional wisdom is correct: The Sopranos deserved to win pretty much
 every award, and the fact that it got only two is a travesty, to the degree
 that Emmy injustice can be a travesty. Since you are a housemate of the world's
 great Mafia chronicler, I've wondered what you think of the show.

            Also, Emmys-wise: I adore Jenna Elfman. Why do most of the Hollywood-actor
 Scientologists seem so appealing? Maybe we should convert.

            The fundamental problem with the Emmys qua Emmys (aside from the fact, as I
 learned from the Times this morning, that the voters are volunteers,
 disproportionately elderly, and unemployed) is that most shows on television
 are series--and so the same shows and writers and
 actors-playing-the-same-characters get Emmys year after year. This makes for
 bad ritual. Of course, this is also the problem with the National Magazine
 Awards lunch, which has the additional problem of being, along with the White
 House Correspondents Dinner, the most depressingly Soviet-like assembly I have
 ever attended.

            Do you find the ongoing anti-mosquito spraying of New York City with
 malathion, neighborhood by neighborhood, from trucks and from the air, as
 charmingly quaint as I do? It seems like something Fiorello La Guardia would
 have ordered done, and Weegee documented.

            Speaking of charmingly quaint, and speaking of (literally) Soviet things,
 how about Melita Norwood, the 87-year-old KGB asset in England?
