
   
   
      
         
            Means Streets

            Yesterday's decision by Republican budget negotiators to give up on
 proposing a means test for Medicare premiums is the top story at the Washington Post and the top national story at the Los Angeles
 Times . Surprisingly, at the New York Times ,
 this doesn't even make the front page. The lead there is the report being
 released today by the State Department which sharply criticizes China for its
 treatment of religious groups, especially Christians. The NYT also
 continues ample front-page coverage of the just-discovered deaf Mexican slave
 labor ring. USA Today goes with "color"--coverage of the 200th
 anniversary celebration of the U.S. Navy's oldest warship, the
 Constitution .

            Yesterday's Medicare move shows that premiums are still a political third
 rail. The WP says that "Gingrich, Ways and Means Committee Chairman Bill
 Archer (R-Tex.) and many others feared that by tampering with Medicare
 premiums, they would rekindle Democratic charges that they were 'cutting
 Medicare' to pay for tax cuts." President Clinton says he supports means
 testing but only if the IRS can collect the extra premium, and that's not going
 to happen either. This non-decision along with two prior Medicare
 non-moves--not adjusting the eligibility age and not charging any co-payments
 for home health-care--means the current budget deal will not be the vehicle for
 any Medicare restructuring.

            In a "Style" section piece about how conservatives have taken to turning on
 each other, Post media reporter Howard Kurtz reveals that "when the
 Wall Street Journal declared a few weeks ago that
 Newt Gingrich was in danger of becoming 'inconsequential,' the House speaker
 sent every member of the editorial board a letter saying he was disappointed in
 them." Kurtz quotes Journal editorial writer John Fund's reaction: "A
 lot of the Republicans have grown up with this liberal media culture and are
 suspicious of journalists, so they have an exaggerated expectation of the few
 allies they have.
