
   
   
      
         
            Just Another Planned Community?
            

            Dear Russ,

            Since you mention reviews of the Celebration books, I
 thought that Kurt Andersen's review in The New
 Yorker (Sept. 6, 1999) was on the money. It had a touch of skepticism
 regarding the subject (after all, this was The New
 Yorker ), but took Disney's town-building attempt seriously--except for the
 preposterous name, of course, although preposterous town names are hardly
 unknown in U.S. history--New Hope, for example, or New Harmony, which Andersen
 mentions, or my favorite, also in Florida, Panacea.

            Andersen raises an interesting point regarding the town
 of Celebration: That is, it is not really such a novelty. Most of what the two
 books describe about their experience of living in Disney's town (covenants,
 problems with house construction, issues of governance, questions of
 exclusivity, people's motivations for "starting over," and so on) is found in
 any of the thousands of master-planned communities that are built in this
 country every year. The experience of moving into a brand-new town is
 interesting, but neither Celebration, U.S.A. nor
 The Celebration Chronicles (pretentious title, no?)
 sufficiently acknowledges that it is an ordinary one. Every year, like
 clockwork, we build between 1 million and 2 million new houses, the majority of
 which are in master-planned communities, some of which, like Sun Cities, are
 much larger. (Incidentally, Frances Fitzgerald has written interestingly about
 the subject of contemporary new communities in Cities
 on a Hill . A much more thoughtful book than either of the ones we are
 considering.)

            Of course, one suspects that neither Celebration, U.S.A. nor The Celebration
 Chronicles would have been written had not the Disney Co. been a part of
 the story. In that sense, there is a Ripley's Believe-It-or-Not quality to
 these books. One wishes for a Tracy Kidder to write about the same subject.
 Kidder's gift is to draw people out, and to keep himself in the background.
