
   
   
      
         
            Wretched Excess
            

            Guess what! Light Years is the one I meant.

            Here's what I wonder about the Peter Unger thing (you do mean Peter Unger,
 don't you?): Is it true? I mean, is it true that if I buy a blouse I'm not
 saving a child? Isn't it possible that if we all stop buying things all sorts
 of people who currently aren't starving to death will suddenly be out of work
 and will soon be starving to death? Just asking. It's questions like that that
 help me deal with the guilt.

            The Tierney piece this morning was a disappointment to me, because although
 I can never read enough about the Duff-Perelman divorce, I didn't find Peter
 Unger particularly interesting on the subject. It's a fascinating case, though:
 She's Undine Spragg all over again, a true Wharton creation. I've been
 fascinated by her for years--when she was married to Mike Medavoy, in
 Hollywood, she suffered greatly and neurasthenically, having to make do on his
 pathetic $2 million a year salary; no welfare mother had as hard a time, I can
 assure you. They built a grand house with a budget that mushroomed beyond their
 means, and when it was finally finished, alas, there was no money to furnish
 it. The stress from it all caused her to contract Epstein-Barr, a disease I had
 believed in up until that point. This experience--life in a furnitureless home,
 which reminds me somehow of the famous Julie Christie-alone-on-the-balcony
 scene in Darling --explains, to me at least, why Duff is asking for so
 much money to decorate the apartment she wants Perelman to buy her--although I
 was interested to read an interview in the New York Post with several
 decorators who said her budget was, if anything, low.

            Anyway, I don't think there's the remotest chance that liberalism, the
 liberalism I grew up with, welfare-state stuff, etc., is on the verge of a
 comeback, and there's even less chance that anyone will stop spending money in
 the flamboyant and careless manner that's become commonplace.
