
   
   
      
         
            Investors Have No Business in Show Business
            

            One of the bad things about a bull market is that the performance of
 mediocre stocks can look great when presented in isolation. Combine that fact
 with the willful neglect of the idea of the opportunity cost of investing--that
 is, you have to measure the success of an investment against other potential
 investments you might have made, not against "zero"--and you get a recipe for
 real confusion.

            Take the very curious column by Roger Smith, Variety's financial
 columnist, in the most recent issue of that magazine. In essence, Smith argues
 that entertainment has been a great business to be in over the last 15 years,
 that entertainment stocks have been often undervalued, and that they've been
 undervalued for one real reason: Wall Street is jealous of Hollywood, because
 people in Hollywood make lots of money and have fun doing it.

            There are a lot of strange ideas packed into that argument. First, it
 assumes that Wall Street somehow controls stock prices. In the long term, it
 doesn't. Markets collectively set prices, and markets are much bigger, and
 smarter, than all the investment banks and brokerage houses in the world put
 together. If the market has looked skeptically on entertainment stocks, it's
 probably for a very good reason. And even if Wall Street did set prices, the
 idea that investment bankers have consistently foregone potential fortunes for
 themselves and their clients because their jealousy of Hollywood made them
 unwilling to buy or even recommend entertainment stocks is, at best,
 implausible. This is capitalism, remember? People who walk away from $20 bills
 that are lying on the street eventually disappear.

            But there's also a deeper problem here, which is that entertainment
 companies have not, in fact, been those proverbial free $20 bills. Smith points
 out that "the revenue side of showbiz" has risen dramatically at home and
 phenomenally abroad over the past decade and a half.
