
   
   
      
         
            Greenspan's Green Light

            The Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times , and USA Today all agree: the top story is Alan Greenspan's
 statement to a congressional committee that the U.S. economy is perking along
 so nicely that the Federal Reserve won't be raising interest rates any time
 real soon. The New York Times
 plays that story above the fold, but reserves its top right spot for the news
 that President Clinton yesterday renewed his call for means-tested Medicare
 premiums. Another bit of news convergence: both the NYT and WP
 have front page stories reporting that Switzerland's major banks are publishing
 a list today of about 2,000 of their dormant WWII-era accounts that may include
 the assets of Holocaust victims.

            Greenspan's comments to the House Banking subcommittee were a green light
 for Wall St., which responded with a two percent run-up to a new high of
 8,061.65. The only slight damper was the Fed chairman's remark that the money
 supply will have to be tightened "at some point to foster sustainable growth
 and low inflation." Such comments prompted some committee members to criticize
 Greenspan for being insensitive to working Americans. Indeed, according to the
 WP , "The true constraint on the economy, Greenspan told the committee,
 is that the nation does not have enough people who don't have jobs...."

            Clinton's stance on Medicare comes one day after Republican budget
 negotiators, fearing the election consequences of raising anybody's premiums,
 abandoned means testing. Clinton's explicit intent is to give the budgeteers
 political courage: "I would be happy to defend the vote of any member of
 Congress, Democrat or Republican, who votes for this."

            Much of the current political maneuvering has to do with the trivial-seeming
 detail of who gets to collect the extra premiums. According to the
 NYT , "The president, responding to Republican complaints that premium
 increases would look like tax increases, also proposed that the Treasury
 Department, rather than the Internal Revenue Service, collect the payments for
 higher premiums from elderly taxpayers, who would make the checks out to the
 Medicare Trust Fund instead of the IRS.
