
   
   
      
         
            The Cultural Contradictions of Celebration
            

            Dear Witold,

            I hear what you're saying about being skeptical while also taking
 Celebration seriously. I've tried to do the same in writing about the place,
 for while I think Celebration is a flawed experiment with insidious
 implications, I also think that Disney was adventurous to try it, and that the
 architects and planners Disney employed to make it a reality are in thrall to a
 worthy ideal. I might accuse them of being pernicious tools of Satan (well, OK,
 Disney), but I wouldn't be so disrespectful as to dismiss them lightly or
 discredit (all of) their motives. Now, the same for books: I give just about
 anyone high marks for writing one, and I hate to see any author misread
 cavalierly, as so regularly happens.

            Living in a town so as to write about it can be a soul-twisting commitment
 for a writer, requiring a simultaneous existence as neighbor and spy, friend
 and infidel. For taking on that task, all three of these writers deserve kudos.
 All the more reason why I hate to see Ross dismissed, when to my mind his book
 is not only more fun to read, it is also more ambitious and, Kurt Andersen
 notwithstanding, better reported.

            Ross' book is not parallel to Celebration, U.S.A. It is a complement
 to it. It takes the same year, same town, same questions, and many of the same
 events, and hunts for their meaning in a very different direction. Frantz and
 Collins, with their solid (if seemingly cut-and-paste) history and assiduous
 diary of whose kid beat up whose, etc., stay within the perimeter of
 Celebration, within what Ross calls the White Vinyl Fence. Ross, to the
 apparent consternation of some reviewers but to my relief, strays beyond it.
 You say Frantz and Collins have done the relevant homework, but their
 interviews with Michael Eisner, Robert A.M. Stern, and others among the seminal
 thinkers, funders, and power brokers who brought Celebration to pass, didn't
 seem to draw those thinkers very deep into the matters that make Celebration an
 experiment worth writing about.
