
   
   
      
         
            Woman Bites Cop
            

            But what about women who marry men to whom they wouldn't deign to speak if
 the men in question weren't (check one) funny or charming or driving a Corvette
 or head of the firm or the best bowler in the league? I mean, I wouldn't even
 have known anyone I was ever in love with if the men in question were
 "mere wage-earners," and I once lost all interest in someone because I didn't
 like his writing. Which I didn't read until it was a little too late.

            No, I did not vote for Giuliani for mayor. I didn't vote at all in that
 election. I couldn't. My sister Delia didn't vote either, and turned it into a
 very funny scene in You've Got Mail , where Meg Ryan starts a fight with
 Greg Kinnear by announcing that instead of voting in that election, she went to
 get a manicure.

            I think Rudy's a great mayor, by the way, and a city probably needs a
 Fascist to run it, etc. But a close woman friend of mine was jumped by the
 police and arrested and held for almost 24 hours in prison in a case of
 completely mistaken identity; the charges were dropped, after months of trauma
 for her and astronomical legal fees. The episode made me conscious, in a way I
 might never have been (but any black person is), of what the cost of all this
 zero tolerance is. My husband says that one of the side-effects of this lower
 crime rate is that police are arresting fewer people because so many criminals
 are already locked up. But promotions are based on the number of arrests, so
 the cops are under increased pressure to arrest people-and sometimes that
 pressure causes them to try to escalate a misdemeanor into a felony. My friend
 who was arrested, for example, was not charged with the thing she was jumped
 for-drug dealing, which she was completely innocent of-but of resisting arrest.
 She did resist arrest, by the way; the cop was in plainclothes, and she had no
 idea he even was a cop, so she bit him.

            I feel bad about East Timor, a place I had never heard of.
