
   
   
      
         
            Barron's on AOL: All Talk, No News
            

            America Online's stock price dropped more than six points yesterday. In
 itself, this is of course hardly stop-the-presses news. In fact, given the
 volatility of Internet stocks, it's more like the proverbial dog-bites-man
 story. But the drop in AOL's price was noteworthy because it seems to have been
 provoked almost entirely by a negative item on the company that appeared in
 Barron's over the weekend.

            The item was the centerpiece of the weekly column by Alan Abelson, as
 bearish a commentator on Wall Street as exists today and a man who bears a
 special enmity toward Internet stocks, all of which--as far as I can tell--he
 thinks are grossly overvalued. In essence, Abelson gave a short-seller with a
 significant short position in AOL--meaning that he's betting that the company's
 stock price will drop--the opportunity to blast the company and explain why
 AOL's future is so bleak.

            Now, there's nothing wrong with quoting short-sellers on companies, even
 when they stand to make a great deal of money if their comments knock those
 companies' stock prices down. Short sellers are often founts of useful
 information, and a certain kind of institutionalized skepticism seems to make
 them adept at sniffing out fraud and deception, particularly in corporate
 accounting. Certainly the financial press is full of more than enough fund
 managers touting the stocks they love for there to be plenty of room for
 short-sellers attacking the stocks they hate.

            What was striking about the attack on AOL, though, was just how obvious and
 devoid of new information it was. We were informed that AOL's subscriber growth
 was slowing, that the company was facing increased competition and that the
 advent of free Internet services, especially abroad, would hurt it. We were
 also told that AOL was already suffering, and would suffer more in the future,
 from price cuts on the part of its American competitors, and that soon the
 company would have to rescind the price hike it was able to push through last
 year.
