
   
   
      
         
            Is the New Economy Over?
            

            For the really bad news, we'll have to wait until Friday morning, when the
 July jobs report is released. (Actually, most of you reading this will probably
 already have heard the bad news.) But Thursday's news on the inflation front
 was already dismaying. The Department of Labor reported that nonfarm business
 productivity rose just 1.3 percent in the second quarter, after a 3.6 percent
 leap in the first. Along with that came news that unit labor costs leapt 3.8
 percent in the second quarter, after a minuscule 0.8 percent increase in the
 first.

            A rise in labor costs is, of course, a good thing for American workers, most
 of whom are still seeing only slight increases in their real income. But a rise
 in labor costs without a concomitant rise in labor productivity is generally
 taken as a sign that inflationary pressures are in the offing. (If they're not,
 then corporate profits are going to take a serious hit.) Today's numbers were
 not disastrous. But assuming that the jobs report is as good (or, rather, bad)
 as is expected, meaning that hundreds of thousands of new jobs were created in
 July, a Federal Reserve interest-rate hike now seems like a foregone
 conclusion.

            Productivity is the key economic statistic, because only increases in
 productivity can increase the ability of the economy to grow without the
 artificial boost of inflation. The more output we get per worker-hour, the more
 income per hour each worker can earn. If productivity were to remain stagnant,
 then the economy could grow only as fast as the size of the work force grew.
 But when, as in the last three years, productivity increases at a 3 percent
 annual rate, the limits of the economy are extended.

            Output per worker hour may seem slightly esoteric, but in fact it's the
 ideal measure of productivity because it makes explicit the heart of all
 economic growth: the conversion of time, through labor, into value.
