
   
   
      
         
            Cunanan the Barbarian

            This is the kind of news day when it's nice to be USA Today .
 Because that way, you don't have to lead with a proposed youth health insurance
 plan (today's New York
 Times ), with the European Union's acceptance of the Boeing/McDonnell
 Douglas merger (the Los Angeles Times ), or even with Newt Gingrich seeking calm
 among House Republicans (the Washington Post ). You can lead with Andrew Cunanan.

            Below the "important" stories, Cunanan does get front-page space at the
 LAT and WP and most of the "National Report" inside at the
 NYT . The story presented a challenge to all the east coast papers,
 breaking as it did just about at closing time. At about the time the cops were
 zipping up the body bag, the WP was describing Cunanan as "now a
 phantom"--but meaning he was still on the loose. Most of today's accounts have
 been substantially rewritten between editions and the final versions still
 feature a lot of sourcing to television broadcasts. Only the LAT could
 cut right to the (end of the) chase: "Serial Killing Suspect Cunanan Is Found
 Dead in Miami Beach."

            The WP reports that in a private caucus meeting with House
 Republicans, Gingrich has explained that there is a single line of authority in
 the House and that he is it. Gingrich called the intrigues of recent days
 "childish, silly and self-destructive." Despite Gingrich's attitude, there will
 apparently be at least one more meeting among House Republicans to discuss the
 events of the past week. Judiciary Committee chairman Henry J.Hyde tells the
 Post why he's looking forward to the session: "The entertainment
 value."

            The middle top of the Times front page is dominated by details from
 memos turned over to congressional investigators, apparently from the files of
 former White House chief of staff, Harold Ickes, which illustrate the extremely
 active role Bill Clinton and Al Gore had in their re-election campaign's
 fundraising.
