
   
   
      
         
            The Uses of Adversity
            

            Ah, Witold,

            You are a gentleman, and have generously let me get
 away with a couple of whoppers, which I must address before we get started on
 this next round. In my zeal to defend our Andrew Ross, I've given myself the
 necessity of defending Douglas Frantz and Catherine Collins--from myself. One
 of the only luxuries of traditional long-form prose is the chance to read over
 in the morning what one thought brilliant at 3 a.m. and chuck it. But now we
 have the Send key, that great enabler of the slipshod thought, and verily I
 have not mastered the button, because as soon as the coffee kicked in this
 morning, I cringed at what I saw. For anyone misled by my first garbled posting
 (quickly corrected), Frantz and Collins did interview Eisner and Stern, and if
 their conversation did not widen to encompass the far corners of the solar
 system then that is no affront to their book, which is subtitled, after all,
 "Living in Disney's Brave New Town," and not "Theorizing About Creation in Its
 Enormity!"

            But my notes also remind me that Frantz and Collins
 have themselves leapt the White Vinyl Fence when they felt the urge, and have,
 for instance, documented elegantly the plight of Disney workers unable to
 afford Celebration, who must rely on impact fees to help with their mortgages.
 Mea dammit culpa. It is said it is the luxury of the Internet that what the
 Send key giveth, the Send key can taketh away, but I still regret the error,
 especially in a missive declaring the requirement to respect the literary
 endeavor.

            The chapters on the schools in both these books
 fascinated me, especially insofar as the schools, though technically under the
 aegis of Osceola County, Fla., were such centerpieces of Disney's design and
 Disney's pitch. In fact, Disney considered Celebration a campus before it
 considered it a town, at one point planning to situate the Disney Institute
 there.
