
   
   
      
         
            The '80s: The Decade That Wouldn't End
            

            Of course I know you know that designs on plates with chocolate syrup are
 very late '80s. And the fact, as you note, that they haven't gone away supports
 another of my theories--that the '80s themselves haven't gone away either. Just
 as 1960-63 was the end of the '50s, and 1970-73 was the end of the '60s, we are
 now a record-breaking 17 years into the present decade, culturally speaking.
 These may be the end of the '80s we're now living through, but I would argue
 that the '90s as a culturally distinct decade (the Internet aside) does not
 exist.

            Cornish game hens, drizzled chocolate syrup, friends sleeping with friends'
 husbands--food plus adultery! I am honored to be the vessel for such a
 thrilling outburst of classic Ephronism. So ... How come this leitmotif informs
 your fiction and now your public e-mails, but not your movies (except the one
 based on your novel)? On the other hand, I guess You've Got Mail
 involved quasi-adultery, and it did have the great Hanks-scooping-up-the-caviar
 scene. And Mixed Nuts had a food title.

            I like Mark Green. I've donated money to Mark Green. Even though I guess
 he's a notch or two to my left, I'd vote for him happily against Hillary or
 Rudy for practically any office--because he has a sense of humor and seems like
 a vital, mentally healthy person of strong character. So don't make me out to
 be some kind of right-winger just because I voted for Giuliani and never much
 liked Bill Clinton and don't live on the Upper West Side.

            Back to hurricane readiness before I sign off for the day. (Civil defense!
 Yet again, I'm seeing all news through some '40s/'50s/early-'60s prism. Maybe I
 should have a doctor check this out.) Anyhow, I have an impolitic question:
 Have any of the big disasters we've been serially warned about for the last 20
 years (multiple hurricanes, one or two comets, mobs of starving children
 post-welfare-reform, etc.
