
   
   
      
         
            Floyd Prose

            The Washington Post , New York Times ,
 and USA
 Today lead with the coming ashore of Hurricane Floyd, which is moving
 over land northward from Florida. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with something far more lethal than a hurricane: a
 semi-automatic handgun. Floyd hasn't killed anybody yet, but as the LAT
 informs, a man walked into a church in Fort Worth, Texas and blew away seven
 parishioners before capping himself. At least one pipe bomb was detonated
 inside the sanctuary as well.

            An anthropomorphism as relentless as the storm itself colors the storm
 coverage. "HURRICANE AIMS AT COAST OF CAROLINAS" blares the NYT
 headline. "FLOYD STAYS 'REAL MEAN'" says USAT. A WP sub-head says,
 "Floyd and Siblings Grow Up Without Influence of Jet Stream," and the piece
 beneath it offers this scientific explanation: "With cold water in the Pacific
 tropics, the chill, west-to-east, high-altitude winds known as the jet stream
 no longer sensed the kind of temperature differential that attracted them
 southward during El Niño. Instead of hurtling across the United States and out
 to sea in the Atlantic, the jet stream retired northward...."

            The Wall Street Journal front runs a Floyd-inspired feature
 about the war in the southeast between homeowners and insurance companies over
 requiring anti-hurricane features on houses. The insurers take the position
 that it's well-known what features help a house survive a medium-sized
 hurricane and therefore homes they are on the hook for should incorporate them.
 Homebuyers protest the added cost of features that may never be used, and
 accuse insurance companies of seeking the likes of storm shutters and high
 impact windows so that they can charge higher rates to those who go
 without.

            The LAT and USAT fronts report on a speech given yesterday in
 Los Angeles by Ken Starr (the LAT piece was also based on an interview
 Starr gave to some of its senior editors afterwards at the paper's offices).
