
   
   
      
         
            Barbour's Chair

            
               USA
 Today leads with black--Andrew Cunanan. The Washington Post leads with white--William Brennan. The
 New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times opt for gray--Haley Barbour.

            Within 48 hours after the Versace murder, reports USAT , Cunanan
 called someone he knew for help getting a passport. That person did not notify
 the authorities at the time, but did offer the information sometime later when
 the FBI contacted him. The cops are still trying to determine if any associates
 of Cunanan helped hide him while he was a fugitive. Adds USAT : At the
 time of the suicide, the trail was turning cold, and case investigators had
 never even considered suicide as a possibility. The LAT runs its
 front-page Cunanan story under a big FBI "Wanted" flier with a slash marked
 "Found Dead" running across the suspected murderer's face.

            The WP goes six columns across at the top, all under a banner
 headline, in its coverage of the death of retired Justice Brennan, yesterday at
 age 91. Brennan left his greatest mark, says the Post , as "the architect
 of rulings that expanded rights of racial minorities and women; led to
 reapportionment of voting districts guaranteeing the ideal of "one person, one
 vote;" and enhanced First Amendment freedom for newspapers and other media."
 The NYT notes that during his tenure, Brennan had signed his name to
 1,360 opinions.

            According to the two Times , former Republican Party chairman Barbour
 was in the witness chair at the fundraising hearings to discuss a $2.1 million
 loan guarantee from a Hong Kong businessman, Ambrous T. Young, to an
 organization Barbour started up called the National Policy Forum. Barbour
 claimed that the transaction was completely legal and just like those made by
 such research outfits as the Brookings Institution and the Heritage Foundation.
 The Democrats suggest it was a scheme for channeling foreign money into
 Republican coffers.
