
   
   
      
         
            The Rise of Weather Wimpiness
            

            Floyd is making me believe more strongly in a Divine
 Power: From the moment yesterday that I professed to you my belief that acts of
 God are now invariably overhyped, this one began heading directly toward
 metropolitan New York--toward me, I'm thinking, and my flip, callow hubris. The
 kids' school canceled classes at 6:45 this morning, which has led me in turn to
 try to weasel out of a book-reading-and-signing I'm supposed to do tonight. I
 do think people are bigger weather wimps today than they were when we were
 kids. (Canceling school because of rain?) But then, I was a kid in Omaha,
 Nebraska, where weather wimpiness was literally unthinkable. In fact, extreme
 weather is the most interesting part of life in Nebraska. (Extreme weather and,
 briefly, when I was 4, Charles Starkweather, the real-life serial-murderer
 Martin Sheen played in Badlands .) The one time, around 1967, that a
 tornado actually touched down in our yard--a little tornado, but still--I was
 away at summer camp. I have never regretted missing any event more.

            There's an idea for a new cable channel: Weather
 Planet!, a cooler, next-generation Weather Channel that would broadcast nothing
 but radar and video images of extreme weather from all over the world--heavy
 snow, flash floods, golf-ball-size hail, hurricanes, typhoons, tornadoes,
 cyclones, temperatures less than zero or more than 100. As long as you're in
 Los Angeles, why don't you go ahead and sell the idea this afternoon to Barry
 Diller or Rupert Murdoch or somebody. We'll split the money.

            Tomorrow's headlines today: Although the story may not
 have appeared in the Los Angeles edition of the New
 York Times being placed right now outside the door of your splendid suite
 at the Peninsula, 8,668 of the New York grade-schoolers who were informed last
 spring they'd flunked, and had to take remedial summer courses, did not in fact
 flunk.
