
   
   
      
         
            Fly Me to the Moon
            

            One of my thousands of favorite things about New York is how weather-proof
 it mostly is. How it takes a three-foot snowstorm to shut it down, and even
 then the subways work. But all this changed a couple of weeks ago, when there
 was a flash flood that shut down the city completely. Absolutely flooded the
 subway system. Do you know why? I do. Because they're not spending enough money
 keeping the drains clean. This was in the newspapers, I think, but it's one of
 the nice side-effects of living with a former political journalist who is an
 expert on all sorts of things like tertiary sewage-treatment facilities. I just
 heard from New York that everyone is being sent home from work at 1 o'clock
 today; that would never have happened but for the incident a couple of weeks
 ago.

            So you are thinking of canceling a book signing just because no one will
 come?  You must go. I insist.

            Yesterday you wrote that the '90s don't exist as a culturally distinct
 decade. You are so wrong. The '90s began in around 1985, when the '70s ended.
 The '60s were about sex, the '70s were about drugs, and the '90s are about
 money. There were no '80s. They never happened. I know this: I am about to make
 a movie that takes place in the '80s, and when you make a list of what the '80s
 were, you come down to a list of what they weren't: no cell phones, no color
 computers, no SUVs, no botox, no Starbucks, no Web sites, no *69, etc. For the
 purposes of the movie, I think of the '80s as the moment just before everything
 that is currently happening happened.

            This brings me to a thing I love to think about, especially when I fly to
 Los Angeles: the private plane. I didn't fly on one, I hasten to say. But I did
 read Vanity Fair on the plane, and if you look at their list of the
 New Establishment, 45 out of 50 of them have private planes or access to them.
 I'm sure the other five think of nothing but how to get them.
