Description of the Integrated Planning Model (IPM)
 Analytical Framework of IPM
 ? EPA uses the Integrated Planning Model (IPM) to analyze the
 projected impact of environmental policies on the electric power
 sector in the 48 contiguous states and the District of Columbia.
 Developed by ICF Resources Incorporated and used to support public
 and private sector clients, IPM is a multi-regional, dynamic,
 deterministic linear programming model of the U.S. electric power
 sector.
 ? The model provides forecasts of least-cost capacity
 expansion, electricity dispatch, and emission control strategies
 for meeting energy demand and environmental, transmission,
 dispatch, and reliability constraints. IPM can be used to evaluate
 the cost and emissions impacts of proposed policies to limit
 emissions of sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon
 dioxide (CO2), and mercury (Hg) from the electric power
 sector.
 ? IPM was a key analytical tool in developing the President's
 Clear Skies proposal.
 IPM Is Well Suited to Model Multi-Emission Control Programs
 ? Among the factors that make IPM particularly well suited to
 model multi-emissions control programs are (1) its ability to
 capture complex interactions among the electric power, fuel, and
 environmental markets, (2) its detail-rich representation of
 emission control options encompassing a broad array of retrofit
 technologies along with emission reductions through fuel switching,
 changes in capacity mix, and electricity dispatch strategies, and
 (3) its capability to model a variety of environmental market
 mechanisms, such as emissions caps, allowances, trading, and
 banking.
 ? IPM is particularly well suited for modeling Clear Skies
 because the program relies on the operation of an allowance market,
 the availability of a broad range of emissions reduction options,
 and empowerment of economic actors to achieve emission limits.
 Extensive documentation of the IPM is available at
 http://www.epa.gov/airmarkets/epa-ipm/index.html.