
   
   
      
         
            Private-Jet Sex
            

            Here's a cute-but-frightening true fact I just discovered: My 9-year-old
 daughter knows the name of Rupert Murdoch's new wife. I'll be sure to forbid
 her from traveling on private planes.

            You are, of course, completely correct about the chick-magnet effect of
 Lears and Bombardiers and Gulfstreams. Private jets undoubtedly get rich men
 laid--for guys inhabiting HerbAllenWorld, a Gulfstream is a 'Vette to the Third
 Power. In fact, as you know, my novel contains several private-jet scenes, and
 a main character specifically imagines his wife fucking her boss on the boss'
 private jet. (However, just to make clear that fiction isn't necessarily
 autobiographical: My own wife, when she worked for Viacom, once flew across the
 Atlantic on the corporate jet with the company's chairman, and I never
 entertained any thoughts at all about onboard fornication involving her and
 Sumner Redstone.)

            Dustin Hoffman generated Nora Ephron's ghastliest show-business moments? Was
 this on All the President's Men ? Jeez ... how perfectly, amazingly,
 uncannily apt. I thought of Hoffman the other day as I watched The
 Insider , the forthcoming All the President's Men -ish movie in
 which Al Pacino plays a crusading high-strung TV news producer. (By the way, in
 the movie, Don Hewitt, the producer of 60 Minutes , is portrayed as a
 completely craven asshole. I think he'll be unhappier than any of the other
 real people depicted in the film, including the tobacco-company P.R. man John
 Scanlon, who is portrayed merely as evil, not unlikable.) Anyhow, watching
 Pacino, I wondered who feels more professional jealousy or competitiveness for
 the other ethnic hyper-acting 1970s superstar from Greenwich Village--Hoffman
 toward Pacino or Pacino toward Hoffman? I also thought: How astounded we would
 have been, 25 years ago, to be told that the All the President's
 Men -ish movie of 1999 would portray CBS News as villainous and the
 attorney general of Mississippi as a hero.
