
   
   
      
         
            Maytag's Spin Cycle
            

            If you weren't paying attention last week--and even if you
 were--you might have missed the dramatic fall in the stock of washing-machine
 maker Maytag, which began on Wednesday and continued through Friday. Although
 Maytag has gained a lot of attention recently for its fantastic high-end
 Neptune washer and its high-powered CEO, it's not exactly the kind of company
 that makes your ears perk up. But the story of what happened to Maytag, or more
 precisely the story of how Wall Street reacted to what happened to Maytag, is
 such a clear illustration of the Street's conviction that there's nothing wrong
 with inside information as to be almost a parody.

            Maytag's stock was driven down because the company is
 going to fall far short of earnings estimates in the next two quarters.
 Unfortunately, Maytag investors didn't find that out until the company
 announced the shortfall Friday morning, after two full days of massive selling
 on no news at all. Well, no public news, that is. Clearly lots of
 people knew something.

            Now, Maytag insists that it didn't even know things were
 going to be so bad until its sales numbers came in, and that it didn't tell any
 of its big shareholders to get out before the bad news broke. Perhaps. But
 trading volume on Wednesday was three times normal, and trading volume on
 Thursday was six times normal. A lot of that, of course, was just momentum
 selling, as people leapt out of the way of what quickly became a falling knife.
 But the size of the trades was such that the whole situation looks decidedly
 sketchy.

            Here's the quirk in the whole story, though. Among the
 people raising the possibility that large shareholders were informed in advance
 are analysts at some of Wall Street's biggest investment banks and brokerage
 houses. And among the people most annoyed by the company's late announcement
 are those same analysts.
