
   
   
      
         
            You Can't Go Home Again
            

            Dear Russ,

            I like your story about Fernandina. To me, it precisely illustrates the
 impossibility of starting over from scratch, which is what towns like
 Celebration promise.

            I like many aspects of Celebration. The emphasis on sidewalks and
 walkability, the traditional design of the houses, the smaller lots that give a
 sense of place to the streets, the back alleys that put the cars in the
 background, and the planning that gives equal importance to the individual
 houses and the common shared spaces. What I am skeptical of is turning one's
 back on so many aspects of everyday American life. For example, I happen to
 like Home Depot. If I lived in Celebration, I would have to drive some distance
 to find one. Nor do I remember seeing a service station. Nor a car wash. Nor a
 storage facility. There is no motel, but there is a bed and breakfast (I happen
 to prefer the former). So much of what is necessary to the way we live today is
 relegated to "out there."

            Celebration doesn't tell us anything about how we could better arrange our
 present lives, how we could integrate and knit together convenience stores and
 Home Depots, for example, or neighborhoods and strip malls. Inexpensive strip
 malls, whatever their appearance, are where little business are born, since
 budding entrepreneurs can't afford the rents that elegant town centers charge.
 Jane Jacobs long ago wrote that successful cities needed a variety of
 buildings, old as well as new, which could serve a variety of functions. The
 contradiction of a new town is that everything is new, hence expensive. That is
 one explanation for the lack of cheaper houses that both Ross and
 Frantz-Collins bemoan. There are no fixer-uppers in Celebration. This is
 obviously an unfair criticism, yet it underlines the real limitations of
 starting over.

            There is another, final aspect to this conundrum.
