
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Can the weather move markets? I'm sure there's an academic study on this
 question somewhere, but in lieu of actually finding it, let's speculate based
 on a single sample: the performance today of stock markets based in New York
 City. In one sense, all bets were off, since volume was thin and a lot of
 people went home, in expectation of a disaster that has yet to arrive. (Are
 hardnosed New Yorkers really supposed to be taking half-days because of a
 little rain?) But it was interesting that just when the rain was falling
 hardest, and the day seemed gloomiest, stocks were selling off sharply, while
 by mid-afternoon, as the rain slackened and then disappeared, buyers came back
 into the market in force, so that the Nasdaq, for example, finished the day
 almost even. I don't want to say that investors are moody, but ... investors
 are moody. And so, on to Cocktail Chat.

            1. "Despite yet another benign inflation number, the bond and stock
 markets sold off Wednesday, apparently because no one really believes
 that everybody can keep spending without prices starting to go up. Maybe we
 should have the equivalent of those 'No TV' days, except we
 can call them 'No frivolous spending' days. Of course, I don't know what I'd do
 with myself on those days."

            2. "Most unsurprising headline of the week: 'Russian Loan From IMF Seen
 Unfairly Aiding Group of Banks.' At this point, isn't it clear that
 fairness for Russian bankers is about as real as leprechauns
 are to the rest of us?"

            3. "Financial news channel CNBC took an equity stake in
 Archipelago , the third-largest electronic communications network for
 stock trading. Now, when we finally get interactive TV, you'll be able to
 click on Ron Insana as soon as he mentions a stock and
 instantly make a trade. It'll be paradise."

            4. "At the end of the month, McDonald's is going to bring in a host of Wall
 Street securities analysts and let them work in a local
 McDonald's for a few hours.
