
   
   
      
         
            Thus Spake Groucho and Gertrude
            

            Do you remember the first time you ever heard the expression, "There's no
 there there"? I do. I practically remember where I was sitting when I first
 read it. Of course, it's Gertrude Stein, speaking of the place she grew up,
 which I'm pretty sure was Oakland, Cal. This is the sort of thing I could check
 if I weren't in Los Angeles. So, forgive me if it's Berkeley. Anyway, what a
 great line. What a great great line! I mean, when I first came across it, I
 just stopped reading for a few minutes and rolled that line around in my brain
 and thought, I would kill to say something that amazing. There's no there
 there. No there there. It's right up there with "Everyone will be famous for 15
 minutes," which is definitely another of the other top 10 lines of the last l00
 years.

            Anyway, you are right about Bush and Clinton and just about everyone: no
 there there. Bush I find dangerous precisely because he will win according to
 my criteria (and yours), and he knows absolutely nothing. Also, call me crazy,
 but I hate Republicans. Could never vote for one. Just couldn't. It's as close
 as I get to being a practicing Jew. I mean, God would strike me dead if I voted
 Republican. If I believed in God. And those horrible Supreme Court justices
 Republicans nominate really matter. (Although it's surprising and fascinating
 to see what's happened to Sandra Day O'Connor and--of all people--David Souter
 as they've carved out a middle-of-the-road pragmatism no one could ever have
 predicted.)

            One of the things I always find interesting about L.A., where I grew up
 waiting desperately for the moment I could get out, is how it found its "there"
 (kind of the way Miami did). Fred Allen: "Los Angeles is great if you're an
 orange." Another of the top 10, don't you think?

            And Groucho Marx: "I wouldn't join any club that would have me as a member."
 (Probably not quite accurately quoted, but as I say, there's no
 Bartlett's in my hotel room.
