
   
   
      
         
            What is Puerto Rico?
            

            Last week, President Clinton freed 12 jailed members of
 FALN, a group that fought for Puerto Rican independence (sometimes with bombs)
 from the United States. What, exactly, is Puerto Rico's relationship to the
 U.S.? And what alternatives have been proposed?

            The U.S. took possession of Puerto Rico in 1898 as part
 of its spoils from the Spanish-American War. Congress governed the Caribbean
 island directly as a territory until 1952, when it expanded Puerto Rican
 autonomy by making it a "commonwealth," allowing it to adopt a constitution and
 create a locally elected government with statelike powers. (Click here for a map of Puerto Rico.)

            As a commonwealth , Puerto
 Rico is subject to all federal laws, and the U.S. Congress reserves the right
 to repeal any locally enacted legislation. Congress granted Puerto Ricans
 statutory U.S. citizenship in 1917, which can be
 revoked, as opposed to constitutional citizenship,
 which is almost impossible to cancel. Puerto Ricans residing in Puerto Rico
 cannot vote for president, and the delegate they elect to Congress has no vote.
 Puerto Rico residents are also exempt from federal income tax but qualify for
 federal entitlements. And all 18-year-old Puerto Rican males must register for
 the draft, just like U.S. residents.

            Puerto Ricans are free to move to the U.S. where their
 rights of citizenship become constitutional, affording them the right to vote
 in all elections. Currently, 2 million Puerto Ricans live in the United States
 and 4 million live in Puerto Rico.

            Commonwealth was designed as a temporary fix, but
 periodic plebiscites have not resolved what relationship the island's residents
 want with the U.S. In 1993 and 1998, support was evenly divided between
 commonwealth status and pursuit of statehood. In both plebiscites, independence
 got less than 5 percent of the vote. Washington is not likely to formalize
 Puerto Rico's status until a clearer consensus emerges.
