
   
   
      
         
            More on the Clintons and Psychotherapy

            Writing previously about Bob Woodward's wildly hyped book, Shadow: Five Presidents and the Legacy of Watergate ,
 Chatterbox criticized a passage that ended a Washington Post excerpt and seemed designed to leave readers with the
 impression that the Clintons were in couples therapy. (See "
 Woodward Positions Himself on the First Couple.") If the president was
 seeing a shrink, that struck Chatterbox as big news. (Clearly, he should
 be seeing a shrink.) But Woodward wrote the passage in an annoying way that
 didn't really establish whether he was or he wasn't seeing a shrink, and seemed
 designed mostly to allow Woodward to take credit for the scoop if some other
 drudge came along and actually nailed it, while also covering Woodward's ass if
 it turned out not to be true.

            Now Tina Brown's wildly hyped magazine, Talk , has taken up
 the issue again in its much-discussed profile of Hillary Clinton. The profile
 itself is pretty lame, and has caused a big dust-up over whether Hillary
 Clinton did or should have indulged in some head-shrinking speculation of her
 own about the source of husband Bill's sexual compulsions. The possibility that
 the connection is the result of some misleading quote-juxtaposition by Lucinda
 Franks herself is explored by 
                  Slate's previous Chatterbox
 columnist, Mickey Kaus, on his excellent new Web site, Kausfiles.com. (Full
 disclosure: The item also includes some very sensible praise of Mrs.
 Chatterbox, a k a Vanity Fair and sometime 
                  Slate
                writer
 Marjorie Williams. And you might as well also know that: a) Chatterbox has been
 friends with Kaus for close to 20 years; b) Chatterbox and Kaus co-edited an
 anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published;
 c) Chatterbox and Kaus attended the same high school, though at different
 times; d) Chatterbox and Kaus apprenticed at the same magazine, the Washington
 Monthly , though at different times; e) Chatterbox first met the future
 Mrs.
