
   
   
      
         
            Disney in the City

            Culturebox went to a party in the new Times Square the other night. Not a
 real party, with people she knew, but a Party party, the kind with spotlights
 outside that shuts a neighborhood down. It was opening night for Disney's ESPN
 Zone, a shiny new theme restaurant suggestively located on the ground floor of
 the shiny new Condé Nast building. Disney CEO Michael Eisner was there, and
 tennis player Martina Navratilova and hockey player Wayne Gretzky and
 basketball player Bill Russell--though Culturebox only learned of their
 attendance from the press release she picked up as she left. The stars, having
 allowed themselves to be interviewed on the way in and broadcast on giant
 screens to the crowds in the streets below, floated past in their bubbles of
 protective personnel so quickly that Culturebox never saw their faces.

            Some fun was had, though fun was not the point. (The point is reading about
 everyone else's fun the next day.) There was the curiosity of being part of the
 first and last group of adults--as opposed to children at birthday
 parties--likely ever to pack this dining-establishment-cum-gaming-center again.
 There were the excellent sushi and crab legs and lushly lit vegetables at the
 "Studio Grill," a food court modeled on a TV sports center, which will surely
 not serve such fare in the future. There were bass fishing and skateboarding
 and parachuting against computers. On the way home, as Culturebox pushed past
 the Day of the Locust­- like throng lining 42nd Street and the
 uniformed New York City policemen troublingly acting as Disney's bouncers,
 there was the towering new entertainment complex that is Times Square, with all
 the other theme restaurants and studio stores and the latest soon-to-open
 tourist attractions, such as the Broadway theater that offers neither plays nor
 musicals but brief medleys of each and Disney-owned ABC's new studio for
 Good Morning America .
