
   
   
      
         
            Everybody Budges

            It's nearly unanimous today: the big story is an imminent budget deal. The
 different drummer is the New York
 Times , which gives front page space to the budget story, but leads with
 the announcement of new federal aid for New York's hospitals.

            As even the headlines suggest, there is some variance from paper to paper
 about what exactly is happening with the negotiations. "GOP, White House Near
 Agreement on Budget," says the Los Angeles
 Times , while the NYT header is: "Speaker Sees Budget, White
 House Doesn't."

            Even though a spokesman traveling with President Clinton in California does
 tell the NYT that there are still "significant issues" to be resolved,
 and the Wall Street Journal cautions that "Those involved in the
 talks.describe the emerging deal as fragile and caution it could easily
 collapse," the general view in the papers is that substantial progress has been
 made and that an actual deal could be struck between the President, the House
 and the Senate as early as today, with final passage coming by Friday.

            And the broad shape of the likely deal is widely described. The LAT
 account is typical: "Negotiators appeared ready to make the [$500-per-family]
 child-care credit available to more low-income families than Republicans had
 wanted and more upper-income families than Democrats had sought. They seemed to
 be heading toward a capital gains compromise that would reduce the tax rate but
 not shield inflation-generated gains from taxation." USA Today
 adds: "And negotiators for President Clinton and congressional Republicans
 agreed on extending disability benefits to legal immigrants left out by last
 year's welfare reform law. Both sides also are resigned to an increase in
 cigarette taxes to offset costs of health care for uninsured children."

            What's a little alarming about the budget deal reporting is how
 straight-faced the coverage is of its proposed feature of balancing the budget
 within five years.
