
   
   
      
         
            British Airways' Unfriendly Skies
            

            Over the years, advertisers have tried all kinds of tactics to attract
 customers, and more recently those tactics have seemed to cover the full
 spectrum of the possible, including the utterly oblique (Infiniti's first
 campaign), the willfully tacky (Mentos), the memorable-for-memorability's-sake
 (Outpost.com's flying gerbils and ravenous wolves), and the self-loathing
 (Sega's Japanese ads for Dreamcast, which I wrote about here 
 last week). But in one of its new ads, British Airways, of all companies,
 seems to be pioneering a still relatively uncharted strategy: mocking its own
 customers, and its most lucrative customers at that.

            The ad is set in an elementary-school (or whatever the British call
 elementary school) classroom, where the kids are engaged in a furious game of
 musical chairs. Its basic premise is that certain kinds of people end up doing
 certain kinds of jobs when they grow up, which is certainly an unsurprising
 enough premise. And for the first 20 seconds or so of the ad, as different
 children find seats in different ways and thereby demonstrate their eventual
 fates (as the camera zooms in on the individual kids, their eventual
 professions appear on screen), the ad, too, is unsurprising.

            Then a boy--with curly hair and glasses, I think, though I've seen the ad
 only a couple of times--realizes that he's been frozen out, that all the seats
 have been taken and he's lost. His response is to throw a tantrum, and he
 stomps around, complaining--presumably at the top of his lungs, though the ad
 is silent except for the announcer's voice-over--at this unjust turn of events.
 And on-screen appears the word, "CEO."

            The camera pans down the occupied seats, to alight upon a fresh-scrubbed
 English lass, who stands up and lets the peevish boy sit down, much to his
 self-satisfied delight. The ad closes with the girl in the foreground, smiling
 at the camera, because she is, of course, the perfect future British Airways
 flight attendant.
