
   
   
      
         
            Raisa and Raises

            
               USA Today and the Washington Post
 lead with the sodden aftermath of Floyd, which President Clinton spent
 yesterday inspecting. The New York
 Times fronts that, but leads instead with the tremendous earthquake
 (magnitude 7.6) that hit Taiwan early today, killing thousands, and trapping
 perhaps just as many in toppled-over and collapsed buildings. Everybody else
 fronts the quake. The Los Angeles
 Times , however, leads with the day's dollop of the city's metastasizing
 police brutality and corruption scandal: that a police captain chose to ignore
 officers' allegations of a stationhouse beating of a suspect.

            
               USAT emphasizes Floyd's
 nationwide toll, favoring numbers to do so: One million people in New Jersey
 ordered by authorities to boil their tap water; total damages possibly as high
 as Andrew's $26.5 billion, the U.S. record; 62 deaths in 12 states and one in
 the Bahamas. The WP goes more for narrative, with
 such passages as: "In county after county, meanwhile, people confronted
 hardships that seemed almost biblical in scope: Coffins sent floating away from
 low-lying cemeteries; portable incinerators being assembled to dispose of
 100,000 dead hogs and a million drowned poultry; oceanfront homes being swept
 away; and thousands of residents living without safe tap water, telephones or
 mail service."

            The insertion of the U.N.-supported peacekeeping force
 into East Timor is going so uneventfully thus far that it's off everybody's
 front save the NYT's.

            Everybody but the NYT
 (which runs it inside) fronts the death from leukemia of Raisa Gorbachev. The
 WP and NYT especially
 capture the sense in which she broke Soviet ground as a political wife: less
 dowdy, more fashion-conscious, if not downright materialistic (with her own
 American Express card, the Times reminds). But the
 coverage fails to deliver a bit in its attempts to depict any further
 contribution.
