
   
   
      
         
            How Accurate Is Once and Again?

            Remarkably, as it turns out. Culturebox isn't a divorced mom in the suburbs,
 but she did conduct an informal survey of divorced suburban parents she knows
 on the realism of Once and Again . That's the much-touted new drama by
 writers/producers/directors Ed Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz (who is divorced)
 about two divorced parents in the suburbs who meet cute--while dropping their
 kids off at school--and date even cuter. (It airs tonight on ABC, at 10
 p.m.)

            Here are two picayune but quite common details of the separated life that
 Culturebox, for one, has never seen on a TV series before. (If you have, please
 write Culturebox and tell her where.)

            

               The endless shlepping. Children in joint-custody arrangements invariably
 forget stuff at one parent's house and make the other one take them there late
 at night or first thing in the morning. At the beginning of the episode, Eli
 Sammler, 11th -grade son of the male half of the new couple, Rick
 Sammler, announces he has to be taken to his mother's because he's left his
 history notes there.

               The homework-falling-through-holes syndrome. It's completely understandable
 that parents who don't communicate well would have a hard time keeping track of
 schoolwork done by one child at two households during the course of a single
 week. This comes up in Once and Again when Eli starts failing two
 subjects at school because Rick doesn't make the teen-ager buckle down on the
 nights he sleeps at Rick's house.

            

            Many of the other details of divorce on Once and Again are the
 regular fare of family sitcoms or dramas. There's the slightly tired riff about
 deadbeat dads: Lily's ex-husband promises to show up at their daughter's soccer
 game, but forgets about it until Lily angrily reminds him. There are the mutual
 accusations of denial or neurosis, with each parent accusing the other either
 of refusing to face their children's problems or of making too much of them.
