
   
   
      
         
            There's No Worm in This Apple
            

            It's not too often that the market takes it as good news when a company
 announces that its revenues and profits are going to fall well short of
 expectations. And in the case of Apple Computer, which made precisely that
 announcement after the closing bell yesterday, the market in fact did not take
 it as good news. In the midst of a broad--if relatively mild--sell-off in
 technology stocks today, Apple was a notable loser, with its shares falling
 nine points, or better than 12 percent.

            In the context of the past year, which has seen Apple's stock soar because
 of all the buzz about the iMac, the iBook, and the new Power Mac G4, Tuesday's
 tumble was unsurprising. But there were two interesting things about it,
 nonetheless. The first is that the stock fell sharply despite the fact that
 pretty much every serious analyst who covers the company said that if the stock
 sold off, investors should treat it as a buying opportunity. So we were greeted
 with odd headlines on the newswires today like, "Apple's Stock Tumbles; Street
 Says It's Time To Buy." Considering the heavy volume in Apple, it's clear that
 lots of people on the Street were in fact thinking it was time to sell. But
 this is one case where it wasn't the brokerage houses that overreacted, even if
 a couple of analysts did trim their estimates for next year.

            The more interesting thing about Apple's announcement is that from one angle
 it really was good news, at least if you looked at things from the perspective
 of the longue durée . What Apple said was that its revenues and earnings
 were going to be down because Motorola, which is the sole manufacturer of the
 microprocessor for the G4, hadn't been able to deliver enough chips to satisfy
 a much heavier than expected demand for the G4. Apple said it had already
 received 150,000 orders for the G4 in the three weeks since it went on sale,
 but that Motorola was not going to be able to produce anywhere near that many
 chips.
