
   
   
      
         
            Culturebox Rules: Art Spiegelman vs. Ted Rall

            Consider this cat fight in world of big-time comics. In last week's
 Village Voice , Time cartoonist Ted Rall writes a vicious
 takedown of the "90,000-pound gorilla of New York cartooning," Art
 Spiegelman. Rall says that Spiegelman, after winning a special Pulitzer in 1992
 for his graphic novel Maus , became the de facto spokesman for the
 sprawling world of "underground comix" and gained the kind of mainstream fame
 and acceptance most cartoonists only dream of.

            Did he deserve it? Rall thinks not. Spiegelman's notoriously provocative
 New Yorker covers? "Cheap and hollow." His role as the chosen cartoonist
 of the intellectual elite? A result of living "in a media town where people are
 too busy to keep track of more than one name per area of expertise." His
 Pulitzer? "Winning a Pulitzer Prize for a graphic novel is easy when you've
 written the only graphic novel Seymour Topping [head of the Pulitzer board]
 probably ever opened," not to mention that because it was a special citation
 (and not in the cartooning category), he had no direct competition. For his
 coup de grâce , Rall dismisses Spiegelman's entire future career:
 "Nothing on Art's résumé comes close to Maus in quality or concept. Even
 some of his most ardent supporters concede that he's the Quentin Tarantino of
 cartooning, a guy with one great book in him."

            In the Voice's letters column this week, cartoonists
 great and small (Harvey Pekar, Steve Breen, Chris Ware, Tony Millionaire, and
 others) and designer Chip Kidd take sides. Some praise Rall's courage for
 taking on the untouchable Spiegelman. Others say the article is overtly
 personal and full of cheap shots from unnamed sources. Is Rall right, or is
 this a case of sour grapes from a less successful artist?

            Some of the attacks are unnecessary and untrue. Spiegelman has not ruined
 the New York cartooning world, and his promotion of baby-boomer cronies to the
 exclusion of younger artists is no crime--everybody tries to give their friends
 a hand.
