
   
   
      
         
            Done Deal

            The big story is a done budget deal, which leads USA Today ,
 the New York Times ,
 and the Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post leads instead with fraud in Medicare home
 health care billing--which the NYT did two days ago.

            Euphoria is the coverage's main mood. According to USAT , "President
 Clinton, briefed by aides shortly before he went to play golf in Las Vegas,
 pronounced the deal 'fabulous.'" And, the paper says, for House Budget
 Committee chairman John Kasich, it was "a dream come true."

            The NYT , LAT and WP each have the detail that President
 Clinton's golf partner was Michael Jordan, but none captures Jordan's reaction.
 Presumably, he was even more thrilled, since this deal will save him
 kajillions. The key provisions: tax credits for most families with children,
 $35 billion in education-related tax credits and deductions, including for
 interest on student loans and penalty-free withdrawals to pay education
 expenses from IRA accounts, an increase in cigarette taxes the added revenue
 mostly going towards state-chosen child health programs, a drop in the capital
 gains tax rates--including for most homeowners, no tax on home sale
 profits--and reduced inheritance taxes.

            Although this deal is widely described as balancing the budget by 2002 while
 offering the first major tax cut since 1981, there is scant discussion today
 about how this feat can really be achieved, when for instance, the budgeteers
 abandoned proposals to charge wealthier senior citizens higher Medicare
 premiums and to raise the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 67.

            The Wall Street Journal quotes economist Robert Shapiro as
 saying that the post-budget-bill era will be "a whole new typography." Does
 that mean stand by for the fine print?

            The NYT and the LAT have front-page stories about the
 just-concluded trial of Pol Pot, held somewhere in the Cambodian jungle (a
 videotape was made available to the media).
