
   
   
      
         
            Janet Maslin Leaves the Times. Why?

            If Culturebox didn't know better, she would say that Janet Maslin was driven
 from the New York Times by the shame of almost having Lee Siegel agree
 with her.

            
               Wait a minute. Maslin, the lead film critic, is leaving the
 Times ? According to a memo circulated to the staff Tuesday afternoon by
 arts editor John Darnton, at the end of the year "she will leave the paper and
 try life without deadlines." Did she quit or was she fired? It's a
 pretty abrupt departure, and she has no other job lined up, but who knows?
 What else did Darnton say? He hinted that the job wore her out: "In
 1973, Hollywood turned out 229 movies. Last year, the figure was more than
 double - 475. Janet's workload doubled correspondingly but she bore it with
 customary grace and Stakhanovite fortitude." What is Stakhanovite
 fortitude? Stakhanov was a Soviet miner famous for regularly exceeding his
 quotas. His prolific labors were endlessly celebrated by Stalin and reviled by
 everyone else. In the post-Soviet era, the adjective denotes a teacher's pet
 and drone.

            
               Is that why the Times got rid of 
               her, if that's what
 it did? Who gets fired for working too hard? But she has taken a lot of
 flack
 lately for her chipper enthusiasm about movies everyone else hated, such as
 The Phantom Menace or Eyes Wide Shut. Another Times
 critic, Michiko Kakutani, even published an essay that implicitly condemned
 Maslin for being credulous enough to embrace Kubrick's last film. Wouldn't
 it be unusual to fire a film critic for not being harsh enough? It would
 certainly say something about the difference between the East and West coasts.
 Can you imagine the art editor of the Los Angeles Times dressing down
 his lead critic for sucking up to the studios too much? Well, why did
 she suck up so much? In the novel Max Jamison, Wilfrid Sheed
 shows how the rigors of reviewing crap can reduce a critic to an embittered
 hack.
