
   
   
      
         
            Why Is Janet Maslin Leaving the Times?

            If Culturebox didn't know better, she would say that Janet Maslin was driven
 from the New York Times by the shame of almost having Lee Siegel agree
 with her.

            
               Wait a minute. Maslin, the lead film critic, is leaving the
 Times ? Yup. According to a memo circulated to the staff Tuesday afternoon
 by arts editor John Darnton, at the end of the year "she will leave the paper
 and try life without deadlines." Did she quit or was she fired? It's a
 pretty abrupt departure, and she has no other job lined up, but who knows?
 What else did Darnton say? He hinted that the job wore her out: "In
 1973, Hollywood turned out 229 movies. Last year, the figure was more than
 double--475. Janet's workload doubled correspondingly but she bore it with
 customary grace and Stakhanovite fortitude." What is Stakhanovite
 fortitude? Stakhanov was a Soviet miner famous for regularly exceeding his
 quotas. His prolific labors were celebrated by Stalin and reviled by everyone
 else. In the post-Soviet era, the adjective merely denotes a hard worker,
 though there's a slight hint that one's being accused of being the teacher's
 pet.

            
               Is that why the Times got rid of 
               her, if that's what
 it did? Who gets fired for working too hard? But she has taken a lot of
 flak
 lately for being so chipper and enthusiastic about movies everyone else hated,
 such as The Phantom Menace and Eyes Wide Shut. Another
 Times critic, Michiko Kakutani, even wrote an essay implicitly
 criticizing Maslin for credulously embracing Kubrick's last film. Wouldn't
 it be unusual to fire a film critic for not being harsh enough? It would
 certainly say something about the difference between the East and West coasts.
 Can you imagine the arts editor of the Los Angeles Times dressing down
 his lead critic for sucking up to the studios too much? Well, why did
 she suck up so much?
