
   
   
      
         
            To NBC: Think Hard Before Getting Hitched
            

            In the wake of Viacom's acquisition of CBS, which,
 among other things, paired CBS' television network with Paramount's
 television-production studio, the reigning conventional wisdom is that NBC, now
 the only network without a studio partner, needs to find one as fast as it can.
 (Sony and Universal are oft-mentioned candidates.) But the conventional wisdom
 is wrong. NBC needs a studio much less than the studios need it. Even with the
 erosion in popularity of broadcast television, NBC remains a real catch. It
 doesn't need to rush into the arms of the first suitor who comes along.

            The vogue for vertical integration--in which a network
 produces and distributes its own shows--does reflect an important new reality,
 which is that since 1995 networks have been able to have a financial interest
 in their own programming. (From 1970 to 1995, the FCC forbade that, which is
 what made independent producers such as Carsey-Werner and Lorimar billion
 dollar companies.) And the studio business can be an immensely profitable one
 because of the myriad opportunities for merchandising, licensing, and
 syndication. Just look at what Fox did with The
 Simpsons and The X-Files . But the studio
 business is also, by its very nature, erratic and expensive. For every
 Simpsons , there are three Malcolm and Eddies . It might be nice for NBC to be able to produce
 and own its own shows (as it already does with Dateline and the Tonight Show ). But
 it's not necessary.

            Just look at the numbers. NBC, which is owned by GE,
 brings in somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion in net income every
 year. If you valued NBC the same way the stock market values CBS or Time
 Warner, it would be worth $25 billion. While the company was hurt when it lost
 the NFL and had to pay through the nose to keep ER
 and Friends , it remains the most profitable
 broadcast network, its cable properties are booming, and even its Internet
 strategy appears to be taking off.
