
   
   
      
         
            Defending Rudy

            Rudolph Giuliani has managed to make himself a
 laughingstock to the cognoscenti by threatening to de-fund the Brooklyn Museum
 of Art if it doesn't cancel an art show that includes (according to today's
 New York
 Times ) "a portrait of the Virgin Mary stained with a clump of elephant
 dung." The Times news story more or less
 congratulates Brooklyn Museum director Arnold Lehman for failing to be
 "intimidated by Mr. Giuliani's expression of outrage" (imagine how differently
 the story would read if it said Lehman failed to be "moved by Mr. Giuliani's
 expression of outrage"). (Click here for a 
                  Slate
                colleague's outrage.)
 But why should taxpayers have to pay for a portrait of the Virgin Mary covered
 by elephant shit? Isn't it a little silly that the same sort of people who
 bitch about school prayer and public-school vouchers spent on religious
 education are ready to lay down their lives to protect the government's right
 to subsidize art that desecrates religious figures in the most sophomoric way
 imaginable? Whatever happened to the separation between church and state?

            Chatterbox doesn't think people should have to pay,
 through their taxes, for art that is likely to offend them deeply. The
 Times would understand this principle better if the
 cause of offense were, for example, a government-funded silk screen that said
 ALL NIGGERS MUST DIE or KIKES INVENTED THE HOLOCAUST. One can imagine ironic or
 otherwise complex readings of these statements that might attempt to cleanse
 them of their offensive meaning, just as the Times
 attempts to cleanse the Virgin Mary canvas of its
 offensive meaning by quoting the artist, Chris Ofili, saying it all has
 something to do with his childhood confusion about the virgin birth. But
 Chatterbox wouldn't buy it, and neither would the Times .

            Chatterbox, an atheist, holds no brief for the Virgin
 Mary.
