
   
   
      
         
            Rush to Fudgement

            The budget deal still dominates. It leads at USA Today and
 the Washington Post . Although the New York Times
 lead spot (i.e., top right) is given to the New York state budget accord, the
 paper's front page is dominated by a large photo of deal players Gingrich,
 Kasich, and Domenici and three budget-related articles. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a California court decision giving companies more
 power to fire older employees, but has two budget articles on the front--one
 about how the deal might defang last year's welfare reform law, the other about
 how it might stimulate real estate sales in such welfare-free zones as Newport
 Beach.

            The reporting makes it clear that right now, Washington is too busy
 bi-partying--the stories describe the Democrats celebrating yesterday on the
 White House South Lawn, the Republicans on the Capitol steps--to think much
 about the morning after. The papers note that House Minority Leader Richard
 Gephardt is one of the few who skipped his party's party. "This agreement
 sacrifices tomorrow's hopes for today's headlines," Gephardt says in
 USAT . The deal is expected to be voted into law this week so that
 members of Congress can start their August vacations right on time.

            The front section cover story of USAT --"Budget Bill Skirts Some Hard
 Decisions"--does a good job of articulating Gephardt-style concerns: "Left for
 another day are the specifics of which domestic programs will be cut to meet
 tight spending targets to balance the budget in 2002. What's more, the budget's
 most serious looming problem--the cost of runaway entitlement programs,
 including Medicare--was put aside in favor of yet another bipartisan commission
 to study the issue." The piece explains, as does the WP , that the budget
 deficit projections for 2002 have dropped so much because of the strong economy
 that it won't take much incremental change to balance the budget for that
 target year, which of course won't mean much if the bill's tax cuts then
 "explode in cost down the road.
