
   
   
      
         
            Giuliani Comes Out as a Cultural Conservative!

            
               Click 
 here for Chatterbox's take on Giuliani's art criticism.
            

            "Sensation"--the show at the Brooklyn Museum of Art that Mayor Rudolph
 Giuliani is trying to quash by threatening to withdraw city funding from the
 institution--is not the first exhibition of so-called "sick stuff" to be shown
 by a publicly funded New York cultural institution during his seven-year
 tenure. In October of 1997, the gallery P.S. 1--which receives, according to
 one curator's estimate, more than 50 percent of its budget from the
 city--installed continuous showings of an hourlong film of a simulated
 homosexual orgy by underground filmmaker Jack Smith. The mayor didn't utter a
 word. Nor did he comment on the Whitney Museum's 1997 Biennial, which included
 Paul McCarthy's videos of a half-naked man dressed as Rudolph the Red-Nosed
 Reindeer frolicking with nude female "elves" as they defecated, stirred the
 excrement up with chocolate, and ate it.

            But now Giuliani's attacking this "Sensation" exhibit, which includes: a self-portrait made of its creator's
 frozen blood; vivisections of dead livestock preserved in formaldehyde; and a
 painting of a Virgin Mary decorated with elephant droppings. The
 mayor is threatening to cut city funding for the museum--that's about a third
 of the BMA's annual budget--if it opens the exhibit. It's a move that's
 obviously designed to bolster his Senate candidacy: The British artists are his
 Murphy Brown and Sister Souljah. (Luckily for him, being mayor of New York
 supplies him with richer material than a mere upscale single mom or a cussing
 rap star.) Giuliani is signaling to upstate New Yorkers and to the national
 Republican Party that although he's the mayor of Sin City, he can't abide
 sinners himself.

            Culturebox can't help but think that the mayor and the "Sensation" artists
 deserve one another, since they share a common goal of drawing as much
 attention to themselves as possible.
