
   
   
      
         
            Cocaine Straw Poll
            

            Issue 1 is the Clinton-GOP tax-cut war. Issue 2 is Hillary's Talk
 magazine interview. Issue 3 is campaign 2000--including the upcoming Iowa straw
 poll and Bush's refusal to talk about cocaine-use rumors.

            The opinion mafia grows increasingly pessimistic that a tax-cut compromise
 will be reached this year--this despite assertions to the contrary by House
 Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas (on Fox News Sunday ), and Senators
 George Voinovich, R-Ohio, and  Rick Santorum, R-Pa. (on CNN's Late
 Edition ). Clinton's veto threat is real, the pundits say, and the GOP just
 wants to use the tax issue as an electoral weapon (Al Hunt, of CNN's
 Capitol Gang ; Paul Gigot, of PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer
 and Fox ; Fox's Mara Liasson and Juan Williams; Late

               Edition's Susan Page and Steve Roberts). Gigot points out that many
 Democrats want to see the tax issue off the table, and that at least
 House Republicans are willing to pass a bill, if not Senate ones.
 Late 
               Edition's Tucker Carlson points out that a do-nothing
 Congress isn't a bad thing, while Hunt thinks the GOP passed the tax cuts to
 please campaign contributors, not to campaign for. A few other
 pundits--including Clarence Page and John Fund (both of PBS's The
 McLaughlin Group )--think the president will compromise at the 11th hour,
 as he did with welfare reform in 1996.

            For the second week in a row the pundits slam Hillary for her comments in
 Talk magazine. Some say her probable New York senate campaign is a
 public exercise of  marital therapy ( Capitol 
               Gang's Kate
 O'Beirne and McLaughlin's Tony Blankley). John McLaughlin trots out a
 1992 campaign video in which Hillary praises Bill's grandmother--the same woman
 Hillary seemed to blame in Talk . Even Hillary's defenders, such as
 McLaughlin's Eleanor Clift and Fox's Susan Estrich, admit
 that the comments were unfortunate.
