
   
   
      
         
            Moynihan Speaks

            Endorsements are the frozen tundra of presidential
 politics--unvarying, without interest, and seemingly infinite. Every day, the
 presidential campaigns spam reporters by e-mail and fax with reports of the
 latest, on the order of yesterday's news flash from Austin, Texas: "New Mexico
 Lieutenant Governor Endorses Governor Bush." To actually read these press
 releases is to risk stupor. Front-runners rack up endorsements by the bushel
 because endorsements are mostly about who is likely to win--and thus be in a
 position to pay his endorsers back.

            An exception to this rule was today's endorsement of
 Bill Bradley by outgoing New York Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan. Moynihan is the
 state's most senior and revered elected official. His endorsement carries a lot
 of sway with Democrats in New York, who, according to the most recent polls,
 are now split evenly in their allegiance between Gore and Bradley. With the
 March 7 New York primary shaping up as a pivotal test for Bradley, this
 matters. Moynihan's approval means something nationally as well. Alone among
 New York politicians, he has respect and influence on the other side of the
 Hudson River. Though his endorsement of Bradley was anticipated, he delivered
 it with deft timing in the midst of a Bradley surge, giving his pal from the
 Senate Finance Committee a significant boost.

            The event, which was held at the 92nd Street Y, better known for poetry readings and chamber music
 concerts, was a classic Moynihan performance. Dressed in his Harvard Club
 finest (a once-elegant pin-striped suit, college insignia tie, silk pocket
 square), he shambled to the lectern with a copy of Bradley's book
 Time Present, Time Past in hand. Looking slightly
 bewildered by the TV lights and reporters, he began by reading aloud from a
 dust jacket blurb by Cornel West that praised Bradley as a "respected
 statesman."

            Moynihan then quoted a passage from the book in which
 Bradley praises .
