
   
   
      
         
            Mars Attacks!

            
               USA Today leads with President
 Clinton's long-expected veto of a $792 billion Republican-sponsored tax cut
 bill, which is the off-lead at the Washington Post
 but is carried inside elsewhere--Page 22 at the Los Angeles Times . The New York
 Times lead is the House's passage of a bill that would, if it became
 law, make it "difficult, it not impossible" to bring large class-action suits
 against companies such as cigarette or gun manufacturers. The bill draws scant
 attention elsewhere--the WP runs an AP item about
 it on Page 9. The LAT goes with Jakarta student
 street riots over a just-passed bill that has raised fears of a coup because it
 bestows new emergency powers on the Indonesian military. The riots are carried
 inside at the WP and NYT . The Post lead is what it sees as a
 quiet but major shift in Clinton administration Yugoslavia policy: dropping
 opposition to Kosovo's independence from Yugoslavia. The story credits the
 change to unnamed senior U.S. officials, while quoting national security
 adviser Sandy Berger and State's James Rubin as denying it. Other evidence
 cited: The U.S. has not resisted the adoption inside Kosovo of the German mark
 as the legal currency and has been supportive of a plan to allow KLA fighters
 to form a new protective corps for the region.

            The NYT lead explains that
 the House bill would require most class action claims to be transferred
 to federal courts, where the rules about who gets to participate in the class
 and how such cases may proceed are more stringent. The bill, says the paper,
 enjoys philosophical and/or lobbying support from some of the nation's biggest
 businesses and business groups. Opponents include the trial lawyers'
 association and Ralph Nader, William Rehnquist, and 15 state attorneys general.
 The WP calls the bill's Senate prospects uncertain,
 whereas according to the Times a similar bill there
 enjoys bipartisan support.

            The LAT is the only one of
 the papers to front Microsoft President Steve Ballmer's comments yesterday that
 U.
