
   
   
      
         
            Scum in Black

            A suicide bombing in a Jerusalem market leads at USA Today ,
 the New York Times ,
 and the Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post gives the entire top of its front page to
 sweeping changes in the D.C. governance system coming with the new budget bill,
 (which was uneventfully passed yesterday by the House). Its coverage includes
 the reaction of Mayor Marion Barry, who calls the measure "re-colonization" and
 says it has "raped democracy and freedom."

            The Jerusalem bombing, apparently the work of two men, left 15 dead and
 wounded 150. The Israeli Cabinet immediately suspended peace talks with the
 Palestinians, and the U.S. peace envoy postponed a scheduled departure to the
 Middle East. The militant group Hamas apparently claimed responsibility for the
 attack. When Yassir Arafat telephoned Benjamin Netanyahu to express his
 condolences, the Israeli Prime Minister, says USAT , "responded angrily."
 The NYT has a little more about this, reporting, "'I am not prepared to
 be satisfied with expressions of regret,' the prime minister told Arafat,
 according to the government. 'You have to completely change what you are saying
 and doing. You must change your policy 180 degrees.'"

            The NYT has particularly powerful on-scene reporting of the carnage:
 "The bodies of the two presumed suicide bombers, young men in black suits, were
 the last to be taken away. They were said to have carried their deadly charges
 in attach, cases, with the result that the lower parts of their bodies were
 torn away but their faces were curiously intact. The faces were shown later on
 Israeli television. Investigators evidently hoped that they would be
 recognized, giving the police a lead." And the Times is aware of how
 sadly routine such events have become, referring to the episode's "familiar
 agony," and reporting that "fifteen suicide bombers have struck in Israel over
 the last three and a half years, killing at least 140 people and wounding
 hundreds.
