
   
   
      
         
            The LAT Quits Smoking

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the concerns of U.S. foreign affairs experts
 (mostly outside of, but some in, the government) that Russia, China, and India
 might form an anti-U.S. alliance (the story also uses the more loaded word
 "axis"). The New York Times goes
 with the serious shortage of military recruits and what the Pentagon is trying
 to do about it. USA Today goes with a federal commission's proposal today
 of a dramatic exception to the U.S. criminal appeals process: permitting
 convicts to file appeals based on DNA evidence even if deadlines for appeals in
 general have already expired. The Washington Post leads with Dan Quayle's likely announcement
 today that he will drop out of the presidential race. One misstep in the
 Post's sum-up of Quayle's career: It cites his Murphy Brown speech about
 out of wedlock births as an embarrassing incident on a par with the potato
 spelling episode. A fairer statement is that the speech helped make the topic a
 serious part of the national conversation. Aside from Quayle--played bottom
 front by USAT --none of the papers' leads are fronted elsewhere.

            The LAT lead says that the U.S.-spearheaded intervention in Kosovo
 seems to have accelerated a collaboration between Russia, China and India,
 which together, the paper notes, represent a vast nuclear stockpile and 2.5
 billion people. One of the most alarming signs of the trend: increasing arm
 sales by Russia to the other two countries.

            The NYT says that of all the service branches, only the Marine Corps
 is taking in as many new recruits as planned. Some of the Pentagon's countermeasures
 include: paying recruits $6,000 just for signing up; increasing college money
 available to enlistees from $40,000 to $50,000; and using brand new soldiers as
 recruiters, a job formerly reserved for personnel with a real service tour
 behind them. The story describes how a major Pentagon response has been to
 revamp recruitment advertising, so that even "Be All You Can Be"--considered to
 be one of the most successful ad campaigns of all time--is likely to be junked.
