
   
   
      
         
            Oh, No! Not Ben!

            There was endless hype for the premiere of
 Felicity's second season--tapes of which had been
 withheld from the press--because it was to provide the answer to last season's
 Perils of Pauline -like cliffhanger: Would the New
 York City college freshman Felicity fly to Berlin with her handsome and
 intelligent though overly chatty boyfriend Noel or drive home to California
 with the exceedingly handsome but markedly less intelligent Ben, an ex-crush
 who had become her best friend's boyfriend?

            As Felicity fans know by now,
 she chose Ben. This was disastrous for Felicity personally, of course, but
 also, surprisingly, for us. Felicity didn't just alienate Noel and her best
 friend and land herself a boyfriend who gives every sign of being a sleazebag
 (and whom one hopes she'll slough off within an episode or two). She set
 herself back to exactly where she was last year. As a freshman at the beginning
 of the show's first season, Felicity rushed to New York to follow Ben, on whom
 she had a goofy unrequited crush. (She had been planning to enroll at Stanford
 and become a premed student.) She spent the rest of the year getting over it
 and growing up, so convincingly that one speculated she might have become too
 sophisticated even for the neurotic brainiac Noel.

            All of which brings up a troubling fact that the WB, the
 network-wannabe that became a network last year on the basis of its hit teen
 shows, will be forced to face more and more in coming years: Adolescents grow
 up fast. This gives network executives three choices: 1) They can keep coming
 up with new shows but risk losing the audiences from the last ones; 2) They can
 find a way to retard characters' development; or 3) They can figure out how to
 let characters grow without abandoning of original concept for the show. Many
 television series face this quandary, of course; how they respond is one
 measure of their merit.

            The sight of Felicity choosing Ben is the sight of the
 WB flunking that test.
