
   
   
      
         
            BOMBA

            Bombing terrorism, in Israel and in New York City, is the day's most urgent
 news. The older, cooling, stories of the budget bill and the robust economy
 round out today's coverage. The New York Times
 leads with the immediate aftermath of the Jerusalem market bombing, and the
 Washington Post leads with the police raid in
 Brooklyn that apparently interrupted a plot to blow up subways and buses, a
 plot with eerie reflections of, if not actual connections to, the Jerusalem
 slaughter. USA Today leads with yesterday's final congressional
 approval of the tax and spending bills, while the Los Angeles
 Times goes with the 2nd quarter economic figures.

            The Post reports that "New York police and federal agents arrested
 three men and seized five powerful bombs yesterday after a tense shootout in a
 seedy Brooklyn apartment, and the FBI began an intensive investigation to
 determine whether the suspects had ties to any Middle East terrorist
 organizations." (Editors take note: there is never a calm shootout.) According
 to New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, one of those arrested expressed support for
 the Jerusalem bombers. The episode, the paper observes, marks the third time in
 the past four years that New York City has experienced a terrorist threat with
 a real or apparent Middle East connection.

            The WP , the NYT , the LAT , and USAT each report
 that investigators working the case believe that the plot was an intended
 suicide bombing. One of the plotters had second thoughts and last night flagged
 down a patrol car. He didn't speak any English so, reports the NYT , his
 way of communicating imminent disaster to the cops was to repeatedly cup and
 fling apart his hands while screaming, "BOMBA." The Times says the man
 later told an interpreter, "My roommates are going to follow up on
 Jerusalem."

            The NYT depicts the rapidly disintegrating political relations
 between Israel and Palestine, reporting that yesterday, Israel "threatened to
 send commandos into Palestinian areas and had decreed a series of severe
 punitive measures against the Palestinian Authority.
