
   
   
      
         
            Steve Ballmer's Bunk
            

            Steve Ballmer spoke, and the stock market trembled. Too
 bad it didn't yawn.

            Ballmer is president of Microsoft (which,
 incidentally--well, I hope just incidentally, since I sure do like my job--owns

                  Slate
               ), and last
 Thursday, in a post-speech question-and-answer period, he told the Society of
 American Business Editors and Writers that the stock market's valuation of
 "technology stocks," including Microsoft, was "absurd." Ballmer's comments
 almost singlehandedly drove the tech-heavy Nasdaq--"tech-heavy" is an adjective
 permanently attached to "Nasdaq"--to its worst performance in five months and
 sent Microsoft's shares (which, full disclosure, I own) down 5 percent.

            As just about everyone has remarked, Ballmer's comments
 were nothing new. Microsoft's CFO, Greg Maffei, told analysts this summer that
 the company's stock valuation was "ludicrous," and Ballmer told those same
 analysts that investors' expectations for Microsoft's future growth were
 "outlandish." Microsoft execs in general are well-known for downplaying the
 company's future prospects. Bill Gates himself supposedly told his father to
 sell his Microsoft stock soon after the company went public and saw its shares
 soar to what then must have seemed like stratospheric levels. (Sensibly, Gates'
 dad declined the advice.)

            Ballmer also has a clear incentive to talk down
 Microsoft's stock price, at least in the short term. A higher stock price makes
 it more difficult to lure employees with stock options, and, more important,
 makes existing options more expensive. And keeping investor expectations
 moderate is a good way of making sure you meet those expectations.

            But even if Ballmer's comments had been completely
 unexpected and completely unrelated to any of Microsoft's broader corporate
 goals, they should not have moved the market, because Steve Ballmer knows less
 about the appropriate valuation of technology stocks than the market does.
