
   
   
      
         
            Free Speech and Broken Windows
            

            Dear George,

            It is early in the a.m., and since I woke up thinking
 about your letter, it seemed like a good time to reply. I don't really love the
 morning, despite the fact that my kids have to be on the school bus (now my
 13-year-old takes the city bus) by 7:10. While this may seem unusual to anyone
 living in the suburbs, I feel both blessed and liberated not being the family
 chauffeur. City living, as many working women are beginning to understand,
 provides much more flexibility and precious time than the suburban commuter
 life. While we will never have enough space for all our books (or even our
 clothes!) or a backyard with a swing set, our apartment is a happy clutter
 where no child will be forgotten in the bowels of a finished basement, and
 Riverside Park has plenty of grass and ball fields. OK. I can hear you saying,
 "Where is she going with all of this. Wasn't Sukkoth enough of a digression
 yesterday?" But it's all connected, as some famous philosopher once said, or
 maybe that was my mother.

            I have spent a lot of time thinking and writing about
 the quality of urban life for families and not just for the tourists most
 mayors think are the key to urban regeneration. Not only have I read your
 Broken Windows article and value it's important
 impact on criminal justice policy, but its thesis goes to the heart of how we
 make urban areas communities again, places where we can work and live. Before
 we go more deeply into your crime-prevention theories and your work in the New
 York City subways during the 1980s, I think its important to consider the
 relationship between free speech and crime control. I have been struck with how
 political conservatives have used the issue of crime to justify autocratic, if
 not authoritarian, policies. Street crime is not usually rampant in
 non-democratic regimes, whether it's the Communist Soviet Union or
 authoritarian Taiwan.
