
   
   
      
         
            McCain Takes the Plunge

            Mount Pleasant, S. C.--The usual insurgent candidate's strategy, which has
 not actually worked in 20 years in the GOP, is to score upsets in Iowa and New
 Hampshire. John McCain has a slightly different idea. Because of his
 long-standing opposition to ethanol subsidies, he is simply bypassing the Iowa
 caucuses. Instead, he's running in New Hampshire and South Carolina, which
 holds the next primary after New Hampshire.

            South Carolina is promising for McCain for two reasons. The first is that
 it's a state filled with conservative Republicans--for whom McCain hopes to
 emerge as the only viable alternative to George W. Bush. The second reason is
 that it is rich in military retirees and veterans, who regard McCain as one of
 their own, just as they did Bob Dole in 1996.

            Hence the setting for his South Carolina announcement: a podium dressed with
 black POW-MIA flags, with the carrier USS Yorktown as a backdrop. The
 ship was once part of the World War II fleet commanded by McCain's
 grandfather--a connection noted by McCain. On the deck was an A-4 Skyhawk, the
 type of plane McCain was flying when he was shot down over Hanoi--an
 association noted by Larry Grooms, the South Carolina state senator who
 introduced him. "While some were out dodging the draft, John McCain was
 volunteering for active service in Vietnam," Grooms reminded the
 audience--which was sprinkled with purple- and orange-haired teen-agers as well
 as vets. Whether the reference was to Clinton or Bush, or both, was
 unclear.

            McCain's speech was a version of the one he gave yesterday in New Hampshire,
 culminating in his refrain "I am not afraid." McCain's speeches are extremely
 well written, thanks to his gifted ghost Mark Salter, who helped write his book
 Faith of My Fathers . They are not terribly well delivered by the
 candidate, who stumbles more in one speech than Bill Clinton does in a year's
 worth of them.
