
   
   
      
         
            George Will, Rastafarian

            Things are a little slow even for a Sunday when two of the majors working
 the weekend lead with local stories--the Los Angeles
 Times goes with a water dispute between L.A. and San Diego, and the
 Washington Post with a school budget story. The
 New York Times
 lead is a fairly mundane account of how the various spending bills are faring
 in Congress, which does however contain the news that in contrast to the
 dilatory rancor of the past few years, the House has already approved eight of
 the thirteen necessary authorizing bills, and the Senate, ten.

            On the NYT 's front there's a story about the two teachers, one black,
 one white, who are at the center of the reverse discrimination in hiring case
 that will be taken up by the Supreme Court in the fall. In 1989, the
 Piscataway, New Jersey school board, faced with having to lay off one of them,
 chose to retain the black because she was the only black faculty member in her
 department. Since then, the Times reports, due to a staff retirement,
 the fired teacher is back at the school, so that now the two women teach in
 adjoining classrooms and share an office and a telephone. They do not, however,
 speak.

            According to a front-page story in the LAT , the Clinton
 administration has made one very direct commitment to moving people from
 welfare to work: It seems that last May, the White House mail room hired a
 29-year-old welfare mother.

            Politics has never made stranger bedfellows than in George Will's WP
 column in which on libertarian grounds, he defends the right of
 African-American hair care practitioners to administer unlicensed
 "sisterlocks."

            The WP reports that "after three days of intensive investigation,
 federal officials said they have yet to find any link between Middle East
 terrorist groups and two suspects arrested Thursday in an alleged suicide-bomb
 plot to attack New York subways.
