
   
   
      
         
            Policing and the Crack Epidemic
            

            Dear George,

            It's too bad that life's daily routine has to interrupt our correspondence.
 I am sure that by the time we get the rhythm our week will have ended! While I
 have read some of your work and even used it in classes, clearly I should have
 got to know you before this week.

            One of the most disturbing trends in public policy has been the distortion
 of social-science research to support an ideological agenda. As you point out,
 this abuse has been practiced on the left and the right. Criminal-justice
 policy and urban policy have been two big targets of the ideological wars in
 American politics. I don't know if you saw the article in Dissent in
 which Michael Tomasky maintained that "liberals" disagreed with your "broken
 windows" theory and that the policies of liberal mayors caused the increase in
 crime in America's cities between 1960 and 1990. I had a piece in the same
 issue that pointed out that your theory was not ideologically based. You
 mentioned that you were asked to help reduce subway crime in New York during
 the 1980s. While the MTA runs the subways in New York, the mayor, Ed Koch a
 progressive Democract, was directly involved in funding and implementing your
 strategy. Also, it was Mayor David Dinkins who found the money to hire 3,000
 more police officers in New York under his "Safe Streets Safe Cities" program.
 In fact, most people who give Giuliani all the credit for New York's declining
 crime rate don't know that crime started to drop during the last two years of
 the Dinkins administration. Moreover, as you know, crime has been declining in
 every major city in the country. While Giuliani's policies may have provided
 "value added" for New York, its hard to argue causation for local policies when
 there is a national trend at work.

            This actually brings me to an article on the front page of Sunday's
 (September 19) New York Times .
