
   
   
      
         
            The End of Crime and the Last Squeegee Man
            

            Dear Ester:

            You, of course, raise the issue that has split criminal justice and
 criminology right down the middle in your last note--why has crime gone down?
 And you are right on the mark regarding the role that ideology has played in
 this debate. Moreover, New York City (media center, etc.) has become the focus
 of this debate. The arguments against Giuliani (and Bratton and Safir),
 simplified, are along the lines you suggest: changing drug patterns, changing
 economic conditions, and changing drug-use patterns. Even many who concede that
 police practices were central argue that the crime reductions came at an
 unacceptable cost in terms of police brutality.

            My own position is considerably different than claims on either side. Again,
 trying to put forth a complex argument in a short note is difficult, however,
 let me try. As you know, long before the New York and "crime reduction"
 stories, I was an advocate of community policing. By that, I did not mean that
 police should be "nicer" or that they should do, in effect, community
 relations. I argued that to deal with crime, police had to be involved with
 citizens, organizations, institutions, etc., and that communities had to
 reclaim public spaces and control and nurture youth. To use New York City as an
 example, that is exactly what happened. Think of the activities of citizen
 groups, business improvement districts, the transportation authority in
 removing graffiti and reclaiming the subway, the restoration of Central and
 Bryant Parks, the creation of the Midtown Community Court, etc., etc. In other
 words, New York City had been reclaiming itself for at least 15 years. And you
 were right, Dinkins and Lee Brown (his police commissioner) did substantially
 increase the number of police. Moreover, by the end of the second
 Dinkins-Giuliani mayoral race, both candidates were running against "squeegee
 men.
