
   
   
      
         
            Daniel Bell, the Once Famed New York Intellectual
            

            Daniel Bell, who recently turned 80, cuts an odd figure on the intellectual
 landscape. Although he is generally considered to be the greatest living
 American sociologist, surprisingly few people today have heard of him. (He is
 probably better known in Europe than in the United States.) There is no Bellian
 school of sociological thought. He has been called "a sage without a
 following." In the '70s, when the book we are discussing was originally
 published, he had a higher profile. One survey placed him among the "ten most
 respected intellectuals in America." No doubt that had something to do with his
 1960 volume of essays, The End of Ideology , which Bell himself once
 called "the most cited and least read of books."

            Although Bell did not coin the term "post-industrial," it was his book that
 launched it into the popular lexicon, where it was subsequently banalized by
 untold mindless repetitions. That, of course, is not Bell's fault. Indeed, it
 was with some excitement that I opened this new edition of The Coming of
 Post-Industrial Society , hoping to recover the rigorous and prescient
 thinking behind the cliché. I was also curious to see how Bell, in a newly
 written foreword of some 80 pages, would retrospectively appraise the validity
 of his theorizing and the accuracy of his predictions.

            I don't know about you, David, but I was at first put off by the rather
 unleavened prose, the endless morphological distinctions ("systems," "orders,"
 "spheres," "situses," "axial principles," "dimensions" ...), and the paragraphs
 full of academic throat-clearing ("But the limitations of forecasting are also
 evident. The further one reaches ahead in time with a set of forecasts, the
 greater the margin for error, since the fan of projections widens")--not to
 mention the typos, factual errors, and shoddy copy-editing of the new
 foreword.

            Bell may have been one of the more sparkling of the New York intellectuals
 in his heyday; and he was also, of course, a writer for Henry Luce's
 Fortune in the '50s (and has even retained some Time-ese tics,
 such as referring to Plato in a footnote as "the famed Greek philosopher").
