
   
   
      
         
            Whither the Intelligentsia?
            

            Dear Nat,

            The problem with the educated elite is that nobody
 stays put. In the past 48 hours The Atlantic has
 been purchased and the wonderful Michael Kelly has been installed as editor in
 chief (another blow to the old Protestant Establishment and another victory for
 the ethnics), and Chuck Lane has been deposed as editor of the New Republic and Peter Beinart has been put in. I was with Beinart
 all yesterday at a conference in Maine. He was pulled out for an urgent call at
 one point, but he didn't say a word about how his life had been changed. So
 much discretion in one so young. Amazing.

            I will be gossiping about these maneuverings and the
 current ridiculous smears against Gary Bauer all day, but I suppose here we
 should rise to a higher sphere and talk literature. I wanted to take advantage
 of your presence here and ask you about the form of this book, rather than the
 content. Lemann has written his analysis of the meritocracy as a narrative.
 Meanwhile, both of us are frustrated because the analytical or polemical
 conclusion to his book is so short. It seems to me this is characteristic of
 book writing these days. We are in a great age of nonfiction narrative writing.
 There have been many great biographies written over the past couple of decades
 (Edmund Morris gets credit for writing one of them--his T.R. book), and there
 have been several great narrative non-fiction books. Richard Ben Cramer's
 What It Takes comes to mind. Lemann himself is an
 accomplished author of narratives.

            But when I look back at my favorite period of American
 nonfiction--the period between 1950 and 1965--the books that leap out were not
 narratives. Many great and influential books were written during that time:
 The Rise and Fall of Great American Cities ,
 The Organization Man , The
 Protestant Establishment , Silent Spring ,
 The Feminist Mystique , The
 Lonely Crowd (which you worked on, I believe), The
 Cultural Contradictions of Capitalism , The Machine
 in the Garden , The Image --I could go on and on
 .
