
   
   
      
         
            Arafat's Chance

            The post-bombing developments in the Middle East provide the day's most
 important stories. "Netanyahu Puts Onus on Arafat" is the Washington Post 's lead, and both the New York Times ,
 the Los
 Angeles Times and USA Today have front-page stories covering the
 various diplomatic, military and financial pressures Israel is now bringing to
 bear on the Palestinian Authority. But after that, diversity breaks out: The
 NYT leads with the news that Clinton administration officials now doubt
 they will reach an agreement this year to admit China to the World Trade
 Organization because they have failed to convince President Jiang Zemin to
 meaningfully open his country's markets to foreign competition. The LAT
 leads with the most ambitious plan yet to use court ordered injunctions against
 ordinarily legal behavior (such as using cell phones, and gathering in groups
 of three or more) to control L.A. gang activity. And USAT 's lead is that
 the National Institutes of Medicine is going to try to determine whether
 fallout from Cold War atomic tests may have caused some 75,000 cases of thyroid
 cancer.

            The Post piece on Middle East repercussions depicts Netanyahu
 attributing the current situation to Arafat, quoting him saying that "Arafat
 must make a choice" about whether he wants his country to "behave like a
 terror-sponsoring entity." The story adds that there is a good deal of support
 for this view in Washington: "...Samuel R. "Sandy" Berger, President Clinton's
 national security adviser, put the onus on the Palestinians. In comments to
 CBS, Berger said Arafat needed to do more to share intelligence with Israel
 about suspected terrorists.

            The Wall Street Journal 's front-page "Outlook" column addresses
 the likelihood that the FCC will try to push free political ad time on the TV
 networks, and that the broadcasters will fight back hard. Already, notes the
 Journal , they've tried to remove Norman Ornstein of the American
 Enterprise Institute, a free-ad advocate, from an FCC advisory panel.
