
   
   
      
         
            Personalities and Issues
            

            Dear David,

            Thank you for the sensational news: It is really
 bouleversant . I, too, found our exchanges affected
 by daily events, in this case Dan Seligman's review of The Big Test in the Wall Street
 Journal . On substance, he is about where we are, except that he raises the
 dread question of heredity, about which I will say a few words later. But he
 reminds me about one point of form in The Big Test
 I was planning to raise, and that I think of as a kind of New Yorker phenomenon: the remarkable detail Lemann has on
 individuals. I know some of them--Jerry Karabel was a graduate student of mine
 at Harvard, and he appears in the book as a professor of sociology at the
 University of California Berkeley who tried desperately to get the Democrats to
 go for a counter-proposition to the California CCRI rather than fight it head
 on and lose. On the one hand, I am irritated at having to spend all this time
 on personal background when I am trying to get at the issues; on the other
 hand, I am fascinated to discover, for example, that Molly Munger's father is a
 partner of Warren Buffet, and so on. It seems as if it has been decided, both
 by writers and publishers, that you can't get people to concentrate on the
 issues if you don't build up the personalities involved.

            You raise some interesting questions about changes over
 the decades. I was involved in the genesis and publishing of some of the books
 you mention, and why styles and tastes change over the years is a question it
 is hard to answer. I think one answer is the rise of academia, which leads to
 more specialized books, narrower books, reaching small specialized audiences.
 Almost none of the people you mention as writing those important books of the
 past were professors--I think of Jane Jacobs, Edmund Wilson, W. H. Whyte--or if
 they were, they became professors late in life, after having been editors, and
 the like, for example Dan Bell, and me too.
