
   
   
      
         
            Can You Kill Someone Twice?
            

            "Murder Isn't Always a Crime" claims the tag line for the new movie
 Double
 Jeopardy , in which Libby Parsons (Ashley Judd) is framed by her husband
 in his faked murder. Upon her release from prison, she plans to kill him--for
 real, this time--since, as everyone knows, you can't be prosecuted twice for
 the same crime. If this plot were real, could Libby get away with it?

            Legal precedent for these circumstances is lacking. However, most legal
 experts agree that the Libby would go back to prison for the second
 murder--even though the court's records would show that she was convicted of
 killing the victim years ago.

            Libby's defense in the movie--double jeopardy--is derived from the Fifth
 Amendment of the Constitution, which says that no person "shall be subject for
 the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb." Libby's problem
 is that double jeopardy can only be claimed when multiple prosecutions arise
 from a single criminal action. For example, a double jeopardy defense
 would certainly fail if a defendant claimed that he couldn't be prosecuted for
 a second assault on a victim just because he was convicted of assaulting her
 two years earlier.

            The obvious objection to this analogy is that, while you can clearly assault
 someone twice, you can only kill a person once. Therefore, the evidence that
 would prove Libby's guilt in one crime would necessarily clear her of the
 other. The problem with this defense is that the court is free to overturn or
 disregard earlier factual findings if new evidence--say, a recently killed
 body--proves them to have been incorrect. (Libby would have welcomed this
 flexibility if the court had discovered that her husband was alive while she
 was still imprisoned.) If the state (or Libby's defense lawyer) grossly
 mismanaged the first case in a way that resulted in her wrongful conviction,
 she might be able to sue for damages.
