
   
   
      
         
            More Political Grandstanding
            

            Dear George,

            It's been raining heavily in NYC this morning. So if that wasn't enough to
 put a damper on anyone's mood, some radio reporters decided it was a good time
 to let us now that after all the spraying of mosquitoes (the stuff seems to
 kill butterflies and other birds and also adversely affect humans with asthma),
 we could have the same outbreak of Nile fever encephalitis next spring. Of
 course, the "dung on the Virgin Mary" has taken over the headlines from our
 public-health problem. In the latest twist, the mayor has the Brooklyn Museum
 conspiring with Christie's to inflate the value of the art collection in the
 exhibit. I'm sure some people in the hard-pressed, cash-poor museum were
 wondering why they hadn't thought of doing that in the first place! The
 political grandstanding is moving us even further away from confronting the
 very real public-policy challenges that you outlined in your letter. William
 Safire had a very thoughtful column in the Times today. He sees all the
 players as serving a very narrowly defined self-interest. He criticizes the
 Brooklyn Museum for mounting the offensive exhibition in the first place, and
 he also is offended by the mayor's confrontational litigious position. Pitting
 the "right to free artistic expression" against "accountability of public
 funds" isn't the right fight. He argues that "New York needs mediators, not
 gladiators." This position seems like the right one to me, but it has the
 luxury of ignoring the political reality in New York. The Brooklyn Museum is a
 stepchild when it comes to fund-raising and cachet, so they need both the
 attention and the money. The mayor "seen his opportunities and took 'em," as
 Plunkitt of Tammany Hall would have said. Once again, important issues of
 public policy are decided in a crisis atmosphere and the public's view is
 largely irrelevant.

            I'd like to think more about your position on charter schools and vouchers.
