
   
   
      
         
            Gipper the Ripper?

            The leading lights of the journalistic right, the
 Wall Street Journal editorial page and the Weekly Standard , are
 beside themselves over the nation's lackadaisical response to Juanita
 Broaddrick's charge that Bill Clinton raped her two decades ago. In a Weekly
 Standard lead editorial, Executive Editor Fred Barnes writes,
 "The accused ... is now the president of the United
 States. ... Will he get away with what no other American could get away
 with--not having to answer the accusation directly?"

            No other American? Almost eight years ago, an
 American of great repute ducked a much-publicized rape rap without answering
 the accusation directly--and the press quickly abandoned the story.

            In Kitty Kelley's 1991 book Nancy Reagan: The
 Unauthorized Biography , actress Selene Walters claims that Ronald Reagan
 forced her to have sex with him in the early '50s. According to the book,
 Reagan, then president of the Screen Actors Guild, met Walters in a Hollywood
 nightclub. He asked for her address, and she gave it to him. Later at 3 a.m.,
 he arrived unexpectedly at Walters' door and forced himself on her, Kelley
 alleges.

            The press ridiculed this and other passages from
 Nancy Reagan : the night the Reagans smoked pot with Jack Benny and
 George Burns; Kelley's implication that Frank Sinatra boffed Nancy Reagan. But
 Kelley's sourcing of the alleged Reagan rape is not much worse than the
 sourcing of the alleged Clinton rape.

            What's more, People magazine got Walters to
 repeat the story almost verbatim. Walters denied one key element of Kelley's
 version to People --that Reagan forced his way into her apartment--but
 reaffirmed the rest. It sounds remarkably like Juanita Broaddrick's
 story:

            "I opened the door," Walters told the magazine. "Then
 it was the battle of the couch. I was fighting him. I didn't want him to make
 love to me.
