
   
   
      
         
            Smoke and Ice

            The UPS strike makes everybody's front page, but only leads at USA Today .
 The Los
 Angeles Times leads with California's passage of a welfare reform bill
 that would for the first time ever subject state recipients to strict time
 limits and work requirements, along with a companion measure that would ban
 from the rolls for life anyone convicted of a drug felony. The New York Times leads with word that "a federal
 advisory panel has decided to recommend abolishing the troubled Immigration and
 Naturalization Service and assigning its duties to other government agencies."
 And the Washington Post leads with President Clinton's decision to
 sign an executive order later this week dramatically broadening the ban on
 smoking in the federal workplace.

            The presidential smoking ban would, says the WP , "set a standard
 policy across the government and extend existing prohibitions to places
 currently exempt, such as military officers' clubs." Some exceptions would
 remain, such as military barracks and "undercover, military or diplomatic
 situations that are essential to accomplish agency missions." (Spies, thank
 God, can still smoke.)

            The NYT runs a front-page piece that may signal the beginning of a
 major environmental development. British Petroleum, the world's third-largest
 oil company, announced that "there is now enough scientific evidence to warrant
 concern about whether human activity--primarily the burning of fossil fuels
 like coal, oil and natural gas--is changing Earth's climate." This is a break
 from oil and gas companies' monolithic denial of a global warming problem and
 thus may have policy ripples akin to the separate catalytic course taken in
 tobacco and health issues by Liggett Myers.

            The Post front features a behind-the-scenes account of the
 negotiations leading to the budget deal. Top revelations include that at one
 point, Gingrich was so stressed out that he went off his diet, and that at
 another, he successfully smoothed over ruffled Democratic feathers by sending
 over inscribed copies of his two books.
