
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            You know the stock market isn't feeling especially jaunty when the best news
 it gets all week is that economic growth might be slowing. But there are all
 sorts of things that people seem to be worrying about, despite the fact that
 earnings in the latest quarter are expected to be exceptional and that it
 increasingly looks as if the Fed won't raise interest rates when it meets on
 Tuesday. Among the worries: It's October. Halloween, you see, really freaks
 Wall Street out. Anyway, it'll be October all month. Which should mean that
 I'll have a lot to write about, at least. And so, on to this week's Cocktail
 Chat.

            1. "3Com's shares continued to do well as the market reacted to the news
 that the company is planning to spin off its Palm division . Of course,
 if you're 3Com, is it really good news that investors think more highly of a
 division that accounts for just 12 percent of your revenue than they do
 of the entire rest of your company?"

            2. "Successive headlines on 
                  TheStreet.com's International news
 page read: 'Central Bankers Look Set to Lengthen the Good Times' and
 'Leaders Fiddle As World Burns.' In the New Economy, apparently, burning worlds
 are good times."

            3. "Rumors swirled about a possible deal between America Online and
 broadband-access provider Excite@Home , a deal that would finally give AOL
 entry into the world of high-speed Internet access. Actually, the deal would
 really be between AOL and AT&T, which has 58 percent of the voting shares
 in Excite@Home. Excite@Home's executives say no deal will be done without
 their full approval , but it's a little unclear what that means. Can they
 filibuster like Republican senators, or what?"

            4. "TiVo, maker of that device that lets you save TV programs to a hard
 drive and replay it whenever you want, went public Thursday and saw its
 shares double .
