
   
   
      
         
            ... But I Know What I Like. Or Do I?

            Is the "Sensation" show at the Brooklyn Museum art or trash? Is the Edmund
 Morris biography of Ronald Reagan literature or a big mistake? Culturebox
 doesn't know, and neither do you, dear reader, unless you're in the tiny
 minority of New Yorkers who have seen the one or read the other. But that
 doesn't stop Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, Hillary Rodham Clinton, a majority of U.S.
 senators, editorial page writers around the country, Culturebox's colleague

 Chatterbox, and, of course, 
 Culturebox from holding forth. And why should it? We know a biographer's
 busted play or an artist's insult to Catholicism and good taste when we see
 it.

            
               But how do we know? From a few nouns and adjectives in a
 newspaper--"Virgin Mary," "elephant dung," "bisected pig," "fictional
 biographer"--and some overlit  images on the television screen. Since that's
 all we need to come to a publishable understanding of a work of art--or
 something that may or may not be art, we're not sure--we feel someone should
 advise "Sensation" artist Chris Ofili and author Edmund Morris that they've
 each made a tragically stupid choice of profession. Think of the paintings they
 could have avoided painting, the books they could have not written, the time
 they could have saved not layering paint (or, in the case of Ofili, paint,
 magazine pages, and elephant dung) or doing research! If it's the idea of the
 thing rather than the thing itself that's going to influence the people who
 will influence the public, why type the words or cast the dung upon the canvas?
 A press release would do as well.

            Actually, we who labor in the quick-take manufacturing industry--which is to
 say, pundits in general, Internet pundits in particular, and

                  Slate
                pundits most of all--know the following facts
 to be self-evident, even though, in the heat of the chase, we prefer to ignore
 them completely: The excerpt is not the book.
