
   
   
      
         
            Defining Deviance Up
            

            Dear Ester:

            I am not certain whether we were to wrap up our conversation yesterday or
 today, however, I will send at least one more message. The quote from your last
 message is, of course, the crux of the issue that Alan Wolfe raised and has
 been at the core of much of my thinking.

            I, too, view myself as a religious person; however, I've been mostly out of
 the church since I left a Lutheran seminary in 1958. Having studied Christian
 existentialism, indeed all existentialism, avidly in college and seminary, I
 was wrestling with the idea of freedom from secular and religious institutions
 in terms of my personal morality quite early. And, for me, morality is a very
 personal issue. Over time, however, as the power of authoritative institutions
 waned--church, state, even family--I was increasingly struck by the reality
 that while many have handled their "moral freedom" responsibly, many others
 have used lack of external constraints to exploit and prey on
 others--personally, financially, sexually, violently, etc. Moreover, I became
 persuaded that society's reluctance to come down on such persons for minor
 incivilities and offenses, in one sense, trapped these people--especially young
 persons--into believing that there were no consequences for anything. So, we
 decriminalized virtually all minor offenses, we refused to confront young
 persons meaningfully for minor offenses--in New York City even burglary was for
 all practical purposes decriminalized (police didn't even bother investigating
 it)--and to use Moynihan's phrase, we "defined deviance down." To get into
 trouble, one really had to be a "bad-ass"--that is be outrageously
 confrontational and violent. Authority was a bad joke to them until they ran
 into "three strikes, you're out": the disastrous outcome for both society at
 large and individuals when society fails to meet its responsibility to take
 preventive actions early--both nurturing and controlling actions.
