
   
   
      
         
            Amazon Becomes a Cyber-Landlord
            

            Amazon.com's introduction this week of its zShops
 initiative--which effectively makes Amazon a landlord for thousands of other
 Internet businesses who will pay Amazon to be listed on its site and give the
 company a commission on all sales--was a perhaps predictable evolution of the
 Amazon business model. But that doesn't make it any less potentially
 important.

            I say the evolution was predictable because Amazon has
 always been upfront about the fact that it didn't want to be just an online
 retailer. Monetizing its 12 million customers--turning them into real
 revenue--was always going to be more effective if you gave them a huge variety
 of goods and services to buy. The real question, though, was (and is) whether
 Amazon could extend its brand name and the loyalty of its customers to a
 panoply of products, many of which it wasn't necessarily going to provide
 itself.

            What Amazon has recognized from the beginning is that
 its most valuable asset was not its warehouses or even its Web site but rather
 the "stickiness" of its customers and the information about their buying habits
 that it was able to collect. Amazon has so far used that information in limited
 ways--occasionally I'll get an e-mail suggesting I might want to buy a new CD
 that's like other CDs I've bought in the past--but the more products it sells,
 the more information it will collect and the more the information that will
 become relevant.

            At this point, of course, we don't really know how
 successful zShops will be. (There were lots of items for sale on zShops' first
 day of operation, but it didn't seem like the 500,000 Amazon had promised.) But
 as an idea, it's an excellent leveraging of Amazon's brand name, because it
 promises the possibility of sizable returns while requiring almost no
 investment on the company's part.

            Some skeptics have suggested that zShops is analogous
 to Wal-Mart renting out its parking lot to a bunch of outside vendors.
