
   
   
      
         
            Battle of the Democratic Underdogs

            Running for president these days means convincing everyone that you're going
 to win until they don't believe you, at which point you must persuade them that
 you're behind.

            You can see this dynamic in the Gore-Bradley jockeying of recent days. Two
 months ago, the vice-president was thought to be so far ahead as to be
 unassailable. He was running against the putative Republican nominee, George W.
 Bush, not against his benign Democratic challenger. Gore did not acknowledge
 that the primary was a real contest. The name "Bill Bradley" did not pass his
 lips.

            But thanks to a steady stream of media negativity toward Gore and his
 campaign (and sympathy for Bradley), polls began pointing to a closer race. And
 once it became competitive, Gore needed to play the expectations game in a
 different way. By moving his campaign headquarters to Tennessee and challenging
 Bradley to a series of debates, Gore is trying to recast himself in the
 position that has served Bradley well: as a scrappy challenger and an outsider
 rather than the front-runner. He is trying to build down expectations for
 himself far enough that winning the Iowa caucuses or the New Hampshire primary
 by a slim margin will count as a victory, rather than as failure to meet
 expectations.

            You might think that Bradley would be pleased by his opponent's
 acknowledgement that it's a horse race. In fact, Bradley hates being called the
 front-runner. At a press conference last week, he bristled at the notion that
 he was expected to win the New York primary, even though he is ahead there in
 the polls. What Bradley is hoping for is a surge to lift him up early next
 year, carrying him to victory in the big primaries in New York, California and
 the Midwest. A wave that crests now could be a ripple by early March.

            All this is happening so early that we might well go through a few more
 turnarounds before voters actually pick the nominee.
