
   
   
      
         
            From the Mouths of Babes

            Heterogeneous leads anchor the fronts. The New York Times reveals that nonprofits, including
 churches, pocketed millions in Federal grants that are designated to feed poor
 children. The government nourishes 2.4 million day care kids by reimbursing
 intermediary organizations, which oversee the doling out of meals. The CIA says
 it cannot precisely track small-scale nuclear tests, according to the Washington Post's lead. After being informed of the
 intelligence agency's assessment, Majority Leader Trent Lott decided to rush
 the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty to a ratification vote, in the hope of sinking it
 by arguing that CIA uncertainty makes the test ban unenforceable. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a local story: Gov. Gray Davis is blocking the parole
 of inmates sentenced to terms that carry life maximums.

            An above-the-fold Post feature reviews Al Gore's family roots. The
 vice president inherited his pedantic political style from his father, who rose
 from poverty to become a teacher and politician. The senior Gore forced his son
 to work the family farm, arguing that to achieve anything in life a boy "oughta
 be able to run a hillside plow."

            A NYT front-pager examines Bill Bradley's means of milking his past
 in professional sports. Bradley raised $350,000 through Hoopla--a Chicago
 fund-raiser where donors played with former All Stars. A similar event at
 Madison Square Garden is expected to raise $1 million. The former Knick will
 court votes by recruiting the endorsements of sports stars such as Michael
 Jordan

            Maureen Dowd's Liberties column provides a list of George W. Bush's
 regular guy credentials. He digs Van Morrison's music and Jack Nicholson's
 irreverence. His literary preferences run the gambit from John Le Carré spy
 novels to Robert Parker's detective stories. W. doesn't do opera and he has
 only been to one ballet. The troubling anomaly-the guy loved Cats .

            The Times also reports that four Bush biographies are in the
 publishing pipeline.
