
   
   
      
         
            Last Gasp of the Intelligentsia
            

            Lots of people are complaining that Edmund Morris is a biographer who likes
 to make things up. In his new biography of Reagan, Morris has invented not just
 one but several characters who interact with Reagan at various stages in his
 life. Isn't this ironic? Reagan himself was accused throughout his career of
 failing to distinguish between fact and fiction. Yet I think Morris' technique
 can be defended if it helps us understand Reagan better. Unfortunately, it does
 not.

            As a Reagan biographer myself, I can testify that Morris is right: Reagan
 was a complex, mysterious man. Many Americans who saw him on television every
 day thought they understood him, but they kept forgetting that he was an actor.
 A C-student who graduated from Eureka College, Reagan was in many respects an
 ordinary man. Yet extraordinary things happened in the 1980s: the taming of
 inflation, the revival of economic growth, the technological revolution, the
 beginning of the end of the Cold War.

            So did Reagan do these things? And if he did, how did such an ordinary
 fellow perform such extraordinary feats? Morris' biography contributes little
 to our understanding of this large issue. He gives Reagan credit for his force
 of will, but he does not credit Reagan's force of intellect. Reflecting the
 prejudices of the intelligentsia, Morris in his book and in interviews has
 described Reagan as "ignorant," an "airhead," and a "yahoo."

            Yet it was this very yahoo who in the early 1980s repeatedly predicted the
 fall of communism. He did this at a time when there was complete agreement
 among the sophisticated class--Republican and Democrat, hawk and dove,
 conservative and liberal--that the Soviet empire was permanent. So how did
 Reagan know something about the vulnerability of Soviet communism that all the
 learned pundits, including the entire Soviet Studies community, did not know?
 Morris' 800 pages brings you no closer to understanding why, on this immensely
 important question, the wise men proved to be wrong and the dummy proved to be
 right.
