
   
   
      
         
            Giuliani's Aesthetic Inconsistencies
            

            Dear Mick--

            Good morning. Do you, as a former resident of New York City, miss the great
 headline-writing abilities of the staff of the New York Post ? They have
 an editorial today about the Brooklyn Museum of Art's Giuliani-opposed
 exhibition of young British artists headlined "One Stink-ular Sensation," a
 reference, as I'm sure you know, to Chris Ofili's use of elephant dung, among
 other media, in his painting of the Virgin Mary. This editorial asserts that
 "the greatest fear among cultured folk is that they will say something critical
 about a perplexing new painting, play, book, or novel that will, in a hundred
 years' time, be considered a towering masterpiece." I like to think that I'm as
 timid as any other member of the cultured folk, but my greatest fear is public
 speaking.

            In a less catchily headlined article on the same event ("With Art Battle in
 Spotlight, Mayor Revels in the Glare") the Times , reviewing Giuliani's
 appearances on the Sunday-morning talk shows, quotes him as saying, in
 furtherance of the argument that he bases his position on principle rather than
 personal distaste, "Taxpayer dollars shouldn't be on either side of this
 dispute. We can't support religion. We shouldn't support vicious attacks on
 religion, either." I would like to say, flat-out, that it is not my fear of
 being looked down upon by the cultured folk of the 21 st century that
 drives me, cowering, to say that the Ofili painting doesn't to me look like an
 attack on religion, vicious or otherwise. In fact, it looks religious. But, to
 move to less disputed territory, although I haven't had time to go to the
 Metropolitan Museum of Art today to check, I have a distinct recollection that
 they have quite a few depictions of various religious images in their
 collection. Does this mean that Giuliani is going to pull the funding they
 receive from the city?
