
   
   
      
         
            Taking a Bite

            Both the Washington Post and the New York Times
 lead today with U.S. Middle East policy moves. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with the police chief-designee's first meet-the-press, in
 which he said he should be judged by whether or not he cuts crime. And USA Today
 leads with the resumption of talks in the UPS strike.

            The Times and the Post stories report that in the wake of last
 week's Jerusalem bombing, President Clinton has abandoned his low-profile of
 recent months on Middle East matters and is ready to revive an upgraded pace of
 negotiations between Israel and the Palestine Authority. This will immediately
 mean a visit to the region by the U.S. special envoy and before too long, one
 by Madeleine Albright as well.

            Another story that gets near-universal front-page treatment is the
 president's news conference yesterday about things fiscal. The LAT and
 NYT emphasize Clinton's announcement that the budget deficit for this
 fiscal year will be a 23-year low of $37 billion, while USAT chooses to
 stress his comment that he expects to exercise the line-item veto (a
 presidential first) on the budget and tax bills he just signed.

            But from the standpoint of sheer front-page copy and photo space, the day's
 top story is none of these--it's yesterday's surprise announcement that
 Microsoft is investing $150 million in its rival, Apple. The stunning news was
 delivered by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs at an Apple trade fair in Boston,
 while Bill Gates looked on and commented approvingly via a giant TV screen.
 USAT provides the most concise explanation: "The companies will share
 all patent rights. Microsoft guarantees it will develop software for Apple's
 Macintosh computers. Apple will make Microsoft's Internet Explorer the main Web
 browser on the Mac."

            Both the NYT and LAT make the point that the deal isn't about
 the operating system competition between the two companies, which Microsoft won
 long ago, but is about Microsoft's need to secure its business as the largest
 seller of programs for Macintosh computers (the NYT observes) and to
 bolster its position in Internet products (the LAT and Wall Street Journal observe.
