
   
   
      
         
            Moralityville, USA, vs. Main Street, USA
            

            Dear Mim:

            Good morning. I fear it's one of those mornings when
 breakfast would seem to be a Coke, a cigarette, and a Tylenol. The Decision
 2000 graphics are up on the TV news shows, which means we are about to fall
 victim to 13 months of electioneering, and here we both are indulging in it in
 our own ways. I find the progressive expansion of elections is as distressing
 as the Christmas decorations now going up before Thanksgiving. The business of
 Giuliani and the Brooklyn Museum has only marginally penetrated here in Los
 Angeles. We have the police department coming unglued with accusation of drug
 dealing and death-squad tactics, and Mayor Riordan is in hiding as usual. But,
 of course, the Giuliani thing is absolutely nothing more than one more
 political sideshow, and a cheap midway shuck at that. Until November 2000,
 there are going to be plenty more where that came from.

            It's a symptom of an electoral process rapidly turning
 into some frightening theme park, one section of which is Moralityland (the
 main ride being tempests revolving in teacups labeled Family Values, Defense of
 Religion, the War on Drugs, etc., etc.) Fortunately only a small, if loud,
 minority of the electorate live in Moralityland any more, and that's why New
 York residents oppose Giuliani 2-to-1. It's the Clinton sex scandals writ
 small, which served only to prove that the entire political establishment has
 grown so far removed from the mood of the people, it's little wonder that I'm
 hoping Warren Beatty will run, if only to save my sanity--although I fear as a
 presidential contender he will break my heart just as Mario Cuomo did all those
 years ago--and others are looking to Jesse Ventura, if not for president then
 at least as the man to stop Pat Buchanan.

            Indeed, in the week when Warren didn't declare, and some
 callow pundit on CNN all but called him a communist, Jesse Ventura, interviewed
 in Playboy by Lawrence Grobel, was the single
 refreshing waft of normality.
