
   
   
      
         
            What Al Gore Doesn't Want You To Know
            

            Dear Mim:

            If, as I postulated in my book, Hello Kitty is a
 conspiracy of very small girls to take over the world, I wish they would hurry
 up and get their act together, because I absolutely do not think they could do
 a worse job than very rich, old and middle-aged men. I say this with some
 authority since I have discovered conclusively that world may well be about to
 end.

            This information came from the unlikely source of the
 normally ultraconservative London Sunday Telegraph ,
 in which Jenny McCartney reports how a United Nations science project has
 discovered things are much worse than we hitherto imagined. A quarter of the
 world's mammals are at serious risk of extinction, 80 percent of the forests
 have now been cleared, and most coral reefs are either dead or dying. This is
 not to mention the huge chunks of ice that keep falling off Antarctica, or the
 radiation fallout from the Japanese nuclear plant accident that we're expecting
 momentarily here on the West Coast. I'm somewhat surprised our imminent demise
 has been ignored by the U.S. media, and entirely disappointed that the
 Post couldn't have come up with a headline like
 "Planet Earth--Fat Lady About To Sing." Even Al (Eco-boy) Gore has kept quiet
 on this one, although I suspect his handlers told him to ix-nay on the
 pocalypse-ay, not only because folks don't want to hear the bad news but also
 because of all those voters who believe that the United Nations will annex the
 country during Y2K chaos, take away our guns, and put us all in camps. (Believe
 me, they're out there. I met of lots of them while I was promoting my
 conspiracy book.)

            Since I'm about as daunted by the prospect of walking
 around with a sign saying "The End Is At Hand" as you are by public speaking, I
 will take the entirely selfish way out. Feed the cat, hope things hold together
 long enough for my next two novels to get into print, watch a lot of E!
