
   
   
      
         
            Resisting the Urge To Merge
            

            Although the past few years have given us a boom in mergers and acquisitions
 that rivals anything we saw in the '80s or the go-go years of the '60s (when
 conglomerates became all the rage), this boom has been distinct because the
 vast majority of takeovers have been friendly rather than hostile. One would
 like to believe this is because executives have realized that hostile takeovers
 only magnify the immense problems any company faces in trying to assimilate the
 operations of another, but it almost certainly has as much to do with the lofty
 prices that are being offered for companies these days. (The more you're
 offered, the less important independence seems to become--and rightly so, for
 the most part.)

            In any case, one consequence of this epidemic of friendliness is that you
 don't hear the expression "X company is now in play" all that much anymore.
 This expression was a staple of business thinking in the '80s, and was
 epitomized by the experience of RJR Nabisco, which became the subject of a huge
 bidding war after its management tried to take the company private in a
 leveraged buyout. A company came into play when a buyout or acquisition offer
 made the possibility of an acquisition suddenly seem likely, bringing other
 potential suitors--or sharks, depending on your metaphor--into the fray.

            Last week, then, Sprint came into play, when MCI WorldCom made a friendly
 $93 billion offer to acquire it. Actually, we didn't know that Sprint had come
 into play, since the company's board looked kindly on MCI WorldCom offer and
 was, by all accounts, ready to approve it today. But this weekend, BellSouth
 stepped in to trump MCI WorldCom (which, full disclosure, I own shares in) with
 a $100 billion bid, and Sprint was officially on the block.

            But Sprint, like any public company that isn't controlled by a small group
 of shareholders, was always on the block.
