
   
   
      
         
            File before Reading

            A surge of news variety today. The New York Times
 leads with the development that Maine, Massachusetts, New York and several
 other "downwind" states are pressuring the EPA to crack down on Midwest
 utilities to reduce current high levels of wind-borne smog. The top national
 story in the Los Angeles Times is that scientists have found the first
 clues to the precise way that the gene responsible for Huntington's disease
 causes its devastating effects, which could quickly lead to successful
 treatments. The Washington Post 's top national story is the very delayed
 appearance of key fundraising files that the Senate investigating committee
 requested from the DNC more than three months ago. The Wall Street Journal leads its front-page "Washington Wire"
 column with a brief mention of the files. USA Today
 leads with the news that defending champion University of Florida tops the
 first preseason college football poll.

            Bob Woodward has the byline on the Post file delay story. He writes
 that the files include paperwork on such controversial Democratic contributors
 as Roger Tamraz and Johnny Chung, and 12 fund-raising call sheets prepared for
 Hillary Rodham Clinton to use in phone calls requesting donations in the range
 of $50,000-$100,000 from the likes of Ralph Lauren and Steven Spielberg.
 Woodward reports that the papers were found in a drawer in the only file
 cabinet in the DNC's finance director's office, where, DNC officials said, they
 had been sitting for at least five months. Oddly, Woodward doesn't mention the
 similarity between this episode and the sudden re-appearance in the White House
 living quarters of Hillary Clinton's Whitewater billing records.

            And speaking of Democrat delay, the WSJ reports that a "recorded
 phone message at Clinton-Gore headquarters begins, 'The campaign is still open
 for business.'"

            
               USAT and the WP both give front-page space to stories about
 yesterday's 102-count Medicare fraud indictment handed down against a Miami
 home health care company.
