
   
   
      
         
            The Net: The Crack of the '90s
            

            It's painful to watch the demise of a city daily. We went through it in 1995
 when Times Mirror shut down New York Newsday . (Prematurely, I still
 believe: The paper had already broken even and in today's economy would
 probably be adding millions of dollars a year to shareholders' profits.) On the
 other side, I correctly predicted five out of the last zero deaths of the
 New York Post .

            As you've indicated, newspaper competition is often better in theory than in
 practice. I remember visiting a friend last year at Mother Jones who had
 a front page of the Chronicle reproduced on her office bulletin board.
 One story was about marijuana consumption; another about chocolate. She had
 written: "Slowest news day of all time" on her copy, but from what you say it
 sounds more like business as usual. Still, whatever the Chronicles's
 weaknesses, it seems unlikely that eliminating competition will make them
 better.

            As for the New York Post , it's still kicking, and usually kicking
 Hillary Clinton. Today's front page: "WHAT HILLARY DIDN'T SAY/Author:
 She skirted issue of sex addiction in interview."

            It seems entirely possible that anti-Hillary stories could take up
 three-quarters of the front pages of the Post between now and Election
 Day 2000, in a city where the all-but-declared-candidate first lady is
 reasonably popular. That political truncheon gives you some idea of why Rupert
 Murdoch keeps the money-losing paper around. But then, since Fast
 Company's owner is Murdoch's chief competition, maybe the less I say on
 this subject the better.

            I can't say I liked the Kuczynski piece much. The article quotes
 Esquire editor David Granger blaming, among other factors, the Internet
 for the putative inability of magazines to engage in real debate. This fuels my
 theory that the Internet is becoming to the late '90s what crack was to the
 late '80s--a catchall explanation for everything that goes wrong in a
 particular sector.
