
   
   
      
         
            Erudition vs. Sense
            

            Dear Alan:

            Oh no, we agree! We've really got to stop this collaboration across the
 political spectrum. At this rate, we'll be singing "We Shall Overcome" before
 this exchange is over. And what happens to the "culture wars" when people on
 both sides start laying down their arms? This is terrible. In addition to his
 other offenses, Edmund Morris is apparently the one we can blame for this
 alarming development.

            Before I resume my trashing of Morris, let me admit that Dutch
 contains many passages that are beautifully written. As we saw in Morris'
 previous book, he can be quite a sculptor with words. And there are occasional
 flashes of insight. For instance Morris almost casually notes that Reagan was
 "always happier in the Here and Now. His tendency to reminisce ... was not a
 looking back so much as an eager application of history to today and tomorrow."
 This is exactly right, and an apt response to many of Reagan's critics who have
 over the years accused him of incurable nostalgia and trying to take the
 country back to the past that never was. Actually, Reagan could care less about
 "turning back the clock." He employed the imagery of the past (e.g. pioneers
 proceeding West in covered wagons) to construct a kind of imaginative portrait
 of America; then he worked relentlessly to bend the future (e.g. space
 exploration and entrepreneurship as the modern equivalent of the early
 settlers) to his vision and his will.

            Morris admires Reagan's imagination and will; it's Reagan's intellect and
 cultural taste he cannot help but disdain. Sample passage: "Like Charles Ryder
 in Brideshead Revisited , Reagan found himself homeless, middle-aged and
 loveless as his thirty-ninth year waned. Or, to quote a book he was more likely
 to have read, there was this passage in Kings Row ..." Morris's book
 is full of this kind of snobbery.

            But once again, let me raise the question of who is the real sophisticate
 and who is the ignoramus.
