
   
   
      
         
            Gipper License Plates; Bowie's Shareholders
            

            My dear Mim,

            I'm afraid that, out here, the Brooklyn Museum story is
 a trifle parish pump; although, as an ex-Manhattanite, I realize the five
 boroughs are one hell of a parish. I fear, though, I don't even know what
 institution Phillip de Montebello represents, although I could hazard a guess.
 I also have to confess that I don't much like whatshisname's dissected sheep in
 formaldehyde. In California, my local news informs me, we have our own small
 piece of unacceptable art being trust upon us. The DMV is issuing license
 plates with a color picture of Ronald Reagan in a cowboy hat, and while this
 may be a covert Random House promo for Dutch , I
 fear the LAPD may well start treating the new plates as a mobile loyalty oath.
 I once had an L.A. cop boast to me how he had apprehended a car thief by simply
 pulling over a black man driving a Toyota with a Grateful Dead bumper sticker.
 In L.A. you have to take care what you affix to your automobile. I often wonder
 how the Goths fare who have a parody of the Christian fish on their cars with
 horns and the name Satan.

            Whenever David Bowie releases product, I always have to
 admire his media campaigning, and current politicians could learn a lot from
 his methods. Over the weekend we've seen him on both Saturday Night Live and the Late Show With
 David Letterman . He stood up Howard Stern last night, which probably
 garnered him more mileage that actually being on the show when Howard waxed
 repeatedly wrathful, as, although David pleaded flu, callers reported him
 carousing in the Mercer Kitchen until 4 a.m. A feature of any Bowie hype has
 always been a lot of small planted gossip stories. One of these turns up in the
 very handy Brit news digest The Week , which claims
 David likes to travel on London tube trains, but has to disguise himself by
 wearing a hat and glasses and carrying a Greek newspaper.
