
   
   
      
         
            Bosnia on the Brain

            U.S. policy in the Balkans leads both the New York Times
 and the Washington Post . The train wreck occurring early yesterday
 morning in the Arizona desert, which left scores injured, but killed no one, is
 the Los
 Angeles Times lead.

            In light of a major Arizona derailment two years ago that proved to be
 vandalism, the LAT reports that the FBI is investigating, but that all
 indicators indicate the cause was instead a patch of flooded track.

            The WP 's Bosnia story reports that former assistant secretary of
 state Richard C. Holbrooke, briefly back in government service for a four-day
 mission to the region, met with President Slobodan Milosevic of Yugoslavia
 yesterday and told him that the Clinton administration is prepared to arrest
 Bosnian Serb leader and wanted war criminal Radovan Karadzic "unless he takes
 himself out of circulation voluntarily." The Post account emphasizes
 U.S. decisiveness--"I was exceedingly blunt about what could happen, and you
 can quote me on that," it records Holbrooke as saying. But the NYT
 version seems to stress instead Serbian intransigence, reporting that
 "Holbrooke acknowledged he was 'skeptical' of a pledge made at the meeting that
 Karadzic would be stopped from wielding power behind the scenes in the
 Serb-held part of Bosnia" and saying the negotiations ended "without any major
 breakthrough."

            According to a second Bosnia story on the WP front page, the topic
 attracts far more administration attention and effort than the public realizes.
 Judging by the president's speeches and his directions to his staff, says the
 Post , he "seems to have Bosnia on the brain." The feeling is that the
 Dayton accord for resolving the conflict there is perhaps the major Clinton
 administration foreign policy achievement, one that is in great danger of
 evaporating.

            The WP reports that China's leadership seems to be endorsing economic
 and political reform for the first time since the Tiananmen Square crackdown.
