
   
   
      
         
            TV's Mysterious Fascination With Young Adults
            

            The successful debut of Once and Again , the new drama (from the
 creators of thirtysomething , no less) about having a love life as a
 divorced parent, has drawn plenty of hosannas from TV-watchers who feared that
 the tube had forever been given over to Dawson's Creek and its myriad
 clones. Once and Again 's success has been taken as a sign that a show
 doesn't have to appeal to that desperately sought-after 18-to-34 demographic in
 order to be a hit.

            As it happens, Once and Again 's success doesn't necessarily show that
 at all, because it is in fact a huge hit with the 18-to-34 audience. Its share
 of TV-watchers in that group is as large as its overall share, and larger than
 the share received by new shows such as Freaks and Geeks and Now and
 Again . In fact, Ed Zwick's show about yuppie parents is proving more
 popular with the young'uns than his show about yuppie kids, My So-Called
 Life .

            What's weird, though, is the assumption Once and Again had to combat
 in order even to get on the air: that nothing is more desirable than those
 18-to-34 viewers. This is not an assumption unique to television. It's
 certainly at work in movies, and has also been propelling changes in the
 magazine world, most notably in the ascent of pseudo-lad magazines like
 Maxim and in the pressure that's being felt by older magazines to make
 themselves more youth-friendly. But the fact that the assumption is ubiquitous
 doesn't necessarily mean that it makes sense.

            Now, I'm part of this fabled demographic, albeit at the high end
 chronologically, and in a lot of ways--willingness to consume, love of new
 stuff, appetite for pop culture of all kinds--I'm an ideal target for
 advertisers. So I have no problem with TV programmers, Hollywood execs, and
 magazine editors trying to appeal to me. But I am perplexed by the avidity with
 which I am being courted, because of one simple fact: There aren't that many of
 me.
