
   
   
      
         
            The Line King

            The president's intent to use the line-item veto today for the first time
 ever leads the Washington Post and gets front-page play at the other
 majors. The Los Angeles Times leads with the standstill in the
 UPS/Teamster talks and the Secretary of Labor's increasing involvement in them.
 The New York Times
 leads with the renewed shuttle diplomacy of the U.S. special envoy in the
 Middle East, and USA Today goes with Greg Maddux's new $57.5 million
 contract.

            Last week President Clinton announced his intent to use the line-item veto
 on some provisions of the budget and tax legislation just enacted, but by
 today's accounts, several days of scrutiny revealed that this was easier said
 than done--the WP reports, for instance, that a tax break concerning
 employee stock ownership plans and another concerning Amtrak were dropped
 because they had been agreed to during the budget negotiations with Congress.
 Except for the Post , the papers come up with various predictions about
 which provisions will get the knife, but they agree that the choices will be
 one or two of the bill's tax breaks benefiting 100 or fewer taxpayers.

            Perhaps the most worrying detail of the attempt to get negotiations between
 Israel and the Palestinian Authority jump-started is this remark of Israeli
 President Ezer Weizman's reported in the Times : "We will do everything
 to avoid going into a hot conflict, and right now I fear it's headed in that
 direction."

            A Wall Street Journal piece uses last week's Korea Air
 crash in Guam as the point of departure for a general discussion of airline
 safety. The story notes that some types of accidents that used to plague
 airlines just ten years ago, such as wind shear and midair collisions, have
 become much less common, but accident rates for approach and landing remain
 high.

            
               USAT 's cover story is a fairly optimistic look at welfare reform one
 year later, which notes that more than 1.
