
   
   
      
         
            The Media's Substance Problem

            QUEENS, N.Y.--George Bush began his visit to New York City yesterday with a
 stop at a charter school in Harlem. Afterward, he gave an eloquent speech in
 which he unveiled a second major education policy initiative dealing with
 charter schools, reorganizing federal education programs, and a proposal that
 vaguely resembles national testing for third- through eighth-graders. Today
 Bush appeared with Gov. George Pataki and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani at a city
 welfare-office-turned-job-center. People stood up and gave moving testimony
 about how the center and ones like it steer people away from welfare and into
 work.

            After everyone spoke, Bush held a press conference, his only one of the
 trip. Here is what reporters asked:

            Q: Gov. Bush, some conservative Republicans have said that your criticism
 last week and again yesterday is undermining their credibility on Capitol Hill.
 Have you made a political calculation that you can afford to alienate the right
 wing if that means courting more moderate voters?

            Q: Gov. Bush, there are many New Yorkers who perceive that Pat Buchanan is
 anti-Semitic, anti-black, and anti-immigrant. Should he be read out of the
 Republican Party?

            Q: Is there room in the big tent for bigotry?

            Q: Gov. Bush, Gov. Pataki and Mayor Giuliani have both decried racism and
 anti-Semitism. ... Your Louisiana campaign chair purchased mailing lists from
 David Duke. When you were asked about that, you said you didn't even know
 anything about it ...

            Q: Governor, you talked earlier about the Republican Party and the image of
 the party. There have been four national elections this decade. Could you just
 talk about each one and talk about how you think that's caused the party's
 image to go off track and how that informs what you're trying to do now?

            Q. You say the party's been mischaracterized. ... But last week there was an
 actual thing they were doing that was not mischaracterized [i.
