
   
   
      
         
            Apostrophe S

            The House Republicans' passage of a health-insurance
 bill leads at the New York Times and is atop the
 Wall Street Journal 's "Worldwide" box. (The
 Washington Post , which usually plays up
 Capitol Hill intrigue, reefers this story.) The GOP's response to George W.
 Bush's criticisms of it on Tuesday is the lead at USA Today and the top non-local story at the Post . The Los Angeles
 Times leads with the National Football League's decision to pass over
 the City of Angels and put an expansion team in Houston instead. (This story is
 put above the fold by USAT and reefered by the
 NYT and Post .) A
 Houston billionaire offered over $700 million for the team--the highest price
 ever paid for a pro sports franchise--plus a publicly financed, $300 million
 glass-walled stadium with a retractable roof.

            The $50 billion (over 10 years) health-insurance bill
 would, among other things, a) accelerate the 100 percent tax deduction for the
 self-employed, b) expand the availability of tax-free accounts for medical
 payments, and c) create tax deductions for long-term-care insurance. The
 Democrats said the bill would help only 1 percent of the population, and
 President Clinton threatened to veto it in its present form. But the main event
 is today, when the House votes on competing "patient rights" bills, which would
 allow customers to sue their HMOs. (On Tuesday, the House leadership for the
 first time threw its weight behind a limited right to sue--see yesterday's TP for
 details.)

            All the papers, save the LAT , run follow-ups to George W. Bush's rebuke of congressional
 Republicans on Tuesday. Gary Bauer, Steve Forbes, and some Hill Republicans
 accused Bush of abandoning the GOP rank and file, and Bush backtracked
 slightly, stressing that the GOP's image as heartless was a Democratic
 caricature, not reality. USAT calls the GOP
 response a "backlash" against Bush, but the other papers are more favorable to
 him.
