
   
   
      
         
            Life's Randomly Proportioned Cocktail
            

            Dear Mim:

            Back in the '80s--that eruption of a decade when we
 first met, and I almost drank myself to death--friends would repeat the story
 of how Ronald Reagan would watch the 7 o'clock network news, but then happily
 go on and take in Wheel of Fortune , even though the
 problems of the presidency continued to loom. They were seeking early
 confirmation that Ron was as dumb as a dinner plate, but I found it one of the
 befuddled old huckster's more endearing qualities. You are absolutely right
 when you say Buffy the Vampire Slayer and your
 opposition to the death penalty must exist "cheek by jowl." The modern world
 comes at us as a randomly proportioned cocktail of the portentous, the
 terrifying, and the trivial. Although it may seem to some like ersatz
 sophistication, the only way I can find to process the torrent of information
 to which I find myself constantly exposed is with a trash aesthetic. While all
 around grows unmanageably grave, The Simpsons , Eddie
 Izzard, a James Elroy novel, or the fact that Taco Bell is giving away free
 alien eyeballs, and I simply have to have one, all prevent my perspectives from
 succumbing to the kind of cultural isolation and spiteful tunnel vision that
 has become the hallmark of modern political discussion.

            One e-mail complainant castigates 
                  Slate
                for allowing someone "who wrote a
 book about Jim Morrison" loose to practice news commentary at "The Breakfast
 Table." (In fact, it's a novel that Publishers
 Weekly just describes as "jagged and flashy," but that's beside the point.)
 So what does this guy want? Another pigeonhole graduate of the Robert
 Novak/Arianna Huffington Pundit School, where absolute and entrenched "my side
 right, your side wrong" makes a marketable media commodity? Unfortunately homie
 can't play that, and I don't think, dear, Mim, you can either. We both still
 think too much, and are even willing to lower our sophistication, no matter how
 ersatz, to the childlike simplicity of asking what's wrong with this picture
 when needed.
