
   
   
      
         
            Is the MCI-Sprint Merger Anti-Competitive?
            

            The proposed merger between MCI WorldCom and Sprint obviously raises
 important antitrust questions, since the devouring of the country's
 third-largest long-distance player by the second-largest might very well not be
 in the best interests of consumers. You don't hear people saying "Why did they
 ever break up AT&T?" much anymore, and that's mainly because the fierce
 competition for long-distance customers has driven prices inexorably down.
 Eliminating a key player in that market could reduce the pressure for price
 cuts.

            It could reduce the pressure, but it probably won't. Although the telecom
 industry on the one hand is succumbing to merger-mania, on the other hand it's
 seeing new players spring up regularly, and it's now seeing wannabes such as
 RCN and Qwest becoming real contenders. And in the simplest sense, having two
 big players in the market is not meaningfully different from having three. The
 days when companies happily divided up market share like the Portuguese and
 Spanish divided up the world in the 16 th century are long gone, if
 they ever existed. If AT&T raises my rates above the current 7 cents a
 minute, I'll be happy to move.

            Still, one effect of an MCI WorldCom/Sprint merger would be to increase the
 pressure on regulators to allow the Regional Bell Operating Companies (RBOCs)
 to offer long-distance service. For a Baby Bell to be able to offer
 long-distance to its customers, it first has to demonstrate that it has opened
 the market for local service to competitors, which means not only that it isn't
 blowing up its competitors' vans but that it's giving its competitors reliable
 access to that last mile of copper wire that runs into our homes, and that it
 isn't making customers jump through hoops when they want to change phone
 companies.

            Up to this point, no Baby Bell has actually been able to demonstrate
 this--rather than welcoming competition, the RBOCs have tried to repel it at
 every turn.
