
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            I'd say it was a week dominated by merger talk, but
 then it seems almost every week is dominated by merger talk. It might have been
 a week dominated by talk about the Fed, which decided not to raise interest
 rates but did shift its bias toward tightening, but the truth is that except
 for Tuesday, when the announcement came, there wasn't too much talk about the
 Fed. (Though it's worth noting that John Berry, the Washington Post 's Fed-watcher and a man who often appears to have a
 direct line to Alan Greenspan, was wrong in his forecast of no rate hike, no
 shift in bias.) So instead it was a week in which the stock market demonstrated
 its continued resiliency, coming back strong after Tuesday's mild sell-off, and
 in which the prospect of buoyant third-quarter earnings (which are all going to
 be announced over the next few weeks) outweighed everything else. Oil prices
 were down, the dollar was up: For at least a week, October refused to destroy
 investors. So eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow ... You know the rest.

            1. "In a rather surprising blow to mogul Mike Ovitz,
 the NFL decided to award its newest franchise to
 Houston rather than to Los Angeles . The deal will include a $700 million
 franchise fee and more than $300 million for a new stadium, almost $200 million
 of which will be supplied by taxpayer money. That's $1 billion total, for a
 team that will play eight home games a year. I'd love to see what the return on
 that investment looks like five years from now."

            2. "Internet portal Yahoo!
 reported blowout earnings in the most recent quarter and said its revenues
 had soared to $155 million. That means by next year the company will be doing
 close to $1 billion in revenue annually. Once it's a profitable billion-dollar
 company, do we get to stop hearing the cracks about how
 no one's making money on the Internet?"

            3.
