
   
   
      
         
            Surfing for Hitler on the Internet
            

            Hi Jim:

            Your theory that the Internet is the crack of the '90s is a keeper, if not a
 PhD dissertation waiting to happen. From Columbine to the recent Atlanta
 shootings, the Internet did it. Or, if it didn't exactly pull the trigger, it
 sure didn't tackle the gunman and restrain him. So goes the conventional
 wisdom: Day trading = death, and the like.

            For the latest installment of the Internet as crack, see Susan Faludi's
 Newsweek column, "Rage of the American Male," where the computer is front-and-center
 in her portrait of the alienation of men in America, as exemplified by the
 Atlanta shooter, Mark Burton:

            

               That culture holds up a frightening mirror. Reflected there is an image of a
 man in a room alone--isolated from his fellows, unneeded by his family, staring
 into a computer screen on which he seeks a disembodied fortune or, if that
 fortune fails, types a suicide note.

            

            As I sit here in a room, staring into a computer screen (reading Faludi's
 piece online), isolated from my fellows, maybe I should be grateful that I have
 the Breakfast Table for a little human connection (or that I have two X
 chromosomes).

            Murderous rampages not enough for you? How about Nazism? The section of the
 New York Times with Granger's line about how that the Internet is
 contributing to the demise of magazines also includes an intriguing piece of
 reporting about how the Internet pedals Nazi propaganda to Germans.

            Amy Harmon's story "Internet Sale of Nazi Books in Germany Assailed" relates
 that Amazon.com and Barnesandnoble.com are drawing the ire of an L.A.-based
 anti-Semitism watchdog group for shipping Mein Kampf to Germany, where
 the book is banned. (In my edition, this story coincidentally appears right
 above an ad for a 30-day free trial of TheStreet.com, where they are presumably
 not selling Nazi literature, but may be implicitly promoting day trading,
 which, as we've seen above, is suspiciously connected to murderous mayhem in
 its own way, even though we're not sure exactly how.
