
   
   
      
         
            Men in Brown

            Political in-fighting, the economy, religion and war--all get their due
 today. The New York Times
 leads with the anger of most of Washington's leading nonprofit advocacy groups
 over being subpoenaed by the Senate committee investigating political
 fundraising. The Los Angeles Times leads with new reassuring government
 statistics on inflation. The Washington Post goes with the president's imminent
 announcement of religion guidelines for the federal workplace. And USA Today has
 a big revelation about the Pentagon's knowledge of the battlefield dangers
 posed by Iraqi chemical stockpiles.

            
               USAT 's scoop is that contrary to previous Pentagon announcements, a
 report was prepared for the Air Force three months before the outbreak
 of the Gulf War indicating that bombing Iraq's chemical weapons facilities was
 "certain" to release deadly nerve gases in patterns dangerous to American
 troops. Noting that Congress and the media have been seeking such information
 for half a decade, the paper reveals that it was finally released to a former
 Senate investigator in response to his repeated Freedom of Information Act
 requests. The development drew the ire of Rep. Christopher Shays, who tells
 USAT that it "indicates a cover-up."

            The NYT does a good job of crystallizing the main issue in the UPS
 strike--employee pensions. The company wants to pull out of the multi-employer
 Teamster plan it's in now in favor of a UPS-only one. The company's proposal,
 explains the Times , puts Teamster boss Ronald Carey in a tight spot,
 pitting his UPS members, many of whom are attracted to the apparently more
 lavish company proposal, against Teamsters working elsewhere, who fear that a
 UPS pull-out could jeopardize their pensions. No wonder, says the paper, that
 the union tends to downplay the pension debate, saying instead that it's the
 company's heavy use of part-time workers that is really the core issue. The
 article suggests that ultimately, the union will give on pensions and the
 company will give on part-timers.
