
   
   
      
         
            Men at Work
            

            Dear Shoshana,

            Let me first comment on the end of what you say--about
 the British echoes of Faludi's findings. This shouldn't surprise you. Maine has
 no global reach; Los Angeles does. When British men feel out of it, by
 comparison to those sleek, buffed males merchandized globally, the merchandise
 that oppresses and obsesses them comes from Los Angeles and New York.

            In a way, you are unfair to Faludi; her interviews
 reach beyond the style epicenters. But I think you are right on target in
 pointing to the immense divide between wired-up, screwed-up America (which is
 where the money is), and a quieter America where men may suffer far less from
 identity crises because they are trying to get by rather than get ahead. When I
 lived in New York, it drove me crazy listening to people complain about making
 only $100,000 a year; they suffered from epicenter-envy of people who made
 $200,000 and spent $300,000. There's no gendering these days in epicenter-envy,
 the Manhattan female hotshot is as obsessed about the people who stand above
 her as the male of this species--which again is why I think the story Faludi
 has told is about men in capitalism, rather than men as such.

            What her interviews show is a new chapter in the
 subject Americans never talk about: class. Many of the men Faludi interviewed
 are being lumped into a new synonym for class; they are "losers." In the last
 generation, as we know, the gap between winners and losers has grown; the
 wealth of the top 20 percent has expanded, the wealth of the middle 60 percent
 stagnated or declined, the resources those in the bottom 20 percent can command
 has declined. As our society becomes more unequal, however, the imagery of how
 people ought to live, the ideals of self and mutual respect, are increasingly
 defined by behavior and possessions at the top. Thus the gnawing sense of being
 "out of it" that surfaces among the ordinary people Faludi interviewed, the
 fear of falling behind.
