
   
   
      
         
            Blair Witch's Lessons for Hollywood
            

            When, in its third week of release, indie sensation The Blair Witch
 Project took in an incredible $28.5 million at the box office and set a
 record for the largest per-screen gross in motion-picture history, the major
 movie studios responded by commissioning studies to explain to them why this
 $50,000 film was crushing all their hundred-million-dollar spectaculars. Let's
 hope that at the top of their list, the authors of these studies say: "Lesson
 1: Blair Witch was a really good movie."

            I'm exaggerating, of course. Quality alone isn't enough to propel a film to
 great box-office heights, as the recent failures of Out of Sight and
 Rushmore demonstrate. But in the hubbub about the marketing of The
 Blair Witch Project , which has been tremendous, it's important to keep in
 mind that there really is no simple formula by which hits happen, and that
 attempts to reduce popular success to that kind of formula are bound to lead
 you astray. In this, as in so much else, Hollywood is like the French at the
 beginning of World War II: ceaselessly preparing to fight the last war, and
 always getting blindsided by the next one.

            What we can see in the endless analyses of Blair Witch's success is
 how malleable the supposed truths of marketing and distribution are. For
 instance, the biggest Hollywood trend in distribution in recent years has been
 the mega-opening, so that films like Austin Powers and Wild, Wild
 West each opened on more than 3,000 screens. It was the rare multiplex that
 didn't have these movies playing on multiple screens, and these movies were
 supported with multimedia marketing campaigns that drilled themselves into your
 head. Oversaturation has its perils, of course, but part of the thinking here
 is that the massive opening guarantees an impressive first weekend gross (even
 if not necessarily an impressive per-screen performance) and that it allows
 films with sketchy word of mouth to make a lot of money off the initial buzz.
