
   
   
      
         
            Giuliani Time

            At the Washington Post , the formal sentencing of Timothy McVeigh
 leads. This is also the top national story at the Los Angeles
 Times . USA Today leads with a follow-up to a story the Wall Street Journal had yesterday--that the general public
 tends to support the UPS strikers. The New York Times
 leads with the unfolding scandal of the Brooklyn police brutality case,
 supporting it with a second front-page piece on the political dangers the case
 presents to Mayor Giuliani and with a big photo of four hulking cops standing
 in front of the precinct station where the abuse allegedly occurred, looking
 none too friendly.

            The McVeigh appearance was brief, low-key, and enigmatic. The WP says
 the convicted bomber appeared "animated and jovial" until right before he was
 formally sentenced. When given the opportunity to address the court, he cited a
 1928 Supreme Court dissent by Justice Louis Brandeis, saying, "Our government
 is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or ill, it teaches the whole
 people by its example." The NYT points out that adjacent unquoted
 passages from Brandeis make a very clear point--that the government may not
 commit crimes to enforce the law, but nobody wonders why McVeigh opted for the
 murky portion instead. The LAT has the detail that McVeigh quoted the
 opinion from memory.

            The NYC police scandal is a tremendous hazard for Giuliani, who was swept
 into office promising tougher law enforcement, a promise his administration is
 widely believed to have kept. According to the NYT , the need for the
 mayor to distance himself from the cops on this one was made paramount by the
 news that during the rampage one of the abusers in blue shouted at the suspect,
 "This is Giuliani time..."

            With cops sodomizing suspects making big news, you'd think that in the city
 that had to pay millions for beating up Rodney King, the new police chief might
 use the occasion of his first policy announcement to address the serious
 subject of police conduct.
