
   
   
      
         
            Wilted

            Everybody leads with the bloodless military overthrow of Pakistan's
 democratically elected government. The majors all cite the same immediate
 background: While army commander Gen. Pervez Musharraf was out of the country
 (in Sri Lanka), the civilian prime minister, Nawaz Sharif, fired him.
 Thereafter army units quickly took to the streets and overran key government
 facilities. ( USA Today and the New York Times front the same
 picture of troops going over the fence at the government TV station, mooning
 the world in the process.) Then Musharraf returned, and after placing Sharif
 and several other top officials under house arrest, announced that he was in
 charge.

            The papers also agree on the main background factors: The army had been
 upset that this past summer Sharif, bowing to U.S. pressure, had called for the
 withdrawal of Pakistani-supported guerrillas from Kashmir, where they had been
 in a shooting war with Indian forces. The Washington Post has the most fine-grained causal list,
 adding as factors Sharif's failure to authorize a military response to India's
 July shoot-down of a Pakistani navy training flight, his promise to consider
 signing the comprehensive test ban treaty, and his plans to divert money from
 the military to housing for the poor. The Post also mentions the army's
 distaste for Sharif's attempts to cut ties to Afghanistan's Taliban militia.
 Only the Los Angeles Times includes anything negative about Sharif,
 noting that he has jailed dissidents.

            The papers report that India went on high alert upon hearing of the coup.
 Both the WP and LAT report that the Clinton administration had
 warned in recent weeks against any extra-constitutional ouster of the
 government. But the LAT says that there is no immediate concern in the
 U.S. government regarding Pakistan's nuclear weapons, because, explains
 USAT , they have been presumed to be in the military's hands all along.
 The NYT says that if the U.
