
   
   
      
         
            Making It
            

            Hello, Richard:

            I wanted to go back to something you said yesterday, as
 it has been rattling around my brain all night. You noted an "immense divide
 between wired-up, screwed-up America ... and a quieter America where men may
 suffer far less from identity crises because they are trying to get by rather
 than get ahead." I have already discussed the fact that "wired up" America is
 far more extensive than its presumably "screwed up" epicenters. But now I want
 to address the notion that one must be in Los Angeles, New York, or the
 equivalent, to be "getting ahead." That formulation strikes me as emblematic of
 the very ornamental culture that Faludi derides. For many of the people
 battling it out in these places, "winning" or "getting ahead" means being
 noticed by the others--on camera, in the news, in a magazine, and so on. The
 mentality of "others notice me, therefore I am" is quite appropriate if you are
 14 years old, but pretty pathetic for a grown-up. This "ornamental culture" is
 like a perpetual twilight of adolescence; it is a thwarted adulthood. For those
 who exist only in the gaze of others, "getting ahead" may well mean achieving
 more time at the center of attention, but that really gets them nowhere new,
 and least of all "ahead." Maybe that explains Susan Faludi's enigmatic visage
 on the cover of Newsweek --participating in the
 ornamentation thing, but knowing better.

            The real challenge of "getting ahead" as an adult is
 far more complex. It involves the work of forging an identity that has
 coherence and integrity, whether or not anyone is looking. But adult
 development, as Gilligan, Kegan, and many others have noted, does not stop
 there with the achievement of an autonomous identity. It can also mean learning
 that my humanity is larger than the roles I inhabit, and in the exploration of
 my individuality I also, paradoxically, discover the possibility of a deeper
 connection with many kinds of people.
