
   
   
      
         
            Hard Landing

            The Washington Post leads with the remarkable Mir cosmonaut
 press conference. The top national story at the Los Angeles
 Times is one that was covered last Thursday by the New York
 Times --the conflict between, on the one hand, the Senate fundraising
 investigating committee and, on the other, Washington advocacy organizations
 across the political spectrum that have been subpoenaed by that panel. The
 NYT leads with a look at the current state of health plan coverage.

            The Mir press event was a platform for the just-returned and much-maligned
 cosmonaut Vasily Tsibliev to defend himself and to vent about the Russian space
 program, the Russian economy, and Russian life. The WP says that the
 cosmonaut's in-orbit performance has become Russia's Topic A. The country's
 papers have been all over him, and upon his return, Boris Yeltsin took a swipe
 at him as well. The problems on board Mir during his tenure, said Tsibliev,
 according to the Post , were not his fault, but rather stemmed from
 "problems on Earth. It's connected with the economy, with our affairs in
 general. Even the equipment needed to live aboard the station and that we
 requested to be sent--and we're not talking about coffee, tea and milk--they
 just don't exist..The factories don't work, or have insufficient supplies, or
 they ask for, excuse me, crazy prices." The NYT 's account quotes an
 additional cause here, of Dostoevskian proportions: "our poor lives."

            The WP , NYT , and LAT pieces on the cosmo-conference are
 so focused on the chaotic and deteriorating Russian space program that they all
 miss an important point: namely, that this latest development shows that their
 space program is more open than ours. Imagine a NASA astronaut having the nerve
 to say such things! You'll have to, because it's never happened, even when
 things went as awry as they did with the Challenger.

            The WP runs a piece on an important change in the Georgetown
 University basketball program--Coach John Thompson no longer seems to emphasize
 graduation for his recruits.
