
   
   
      
         
            To Intel Analysts: Margins Aren't Everything
            

            Today's Nasdaq sell-off was relatively steep (although you have to remember
 that with the Nasdaq near 3,000, 71 points is just not panic-inducing). And
 while picking proximate causes for market movements is a fool's game, I'll be a
 fool and point to two important reasons: bond prices and Intel.

            With the yield on the 30-year bond now at a two-year high, at 6.3 percent,
 bonds are looking like a tastier investment, and there's still a lot of concern
 that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at its Nov. 16 meeting.
 Neither of those things are good for stocks. As for Intel, it came in with
 quarterly numbers that were a couple of cents shy of analysts' expectations and
 got crushed as a result, with much of the rest of the tech sector falling in
 sympathy (or empathy, or whatever you want to call it).

            Intel is a true tech bellwether, since its chips go into most of the PCs in
 the world, meaning that if it's having trouble, a lot of other companies
 probably are, too. And given that in the past few months expectations for the
 semiconductor industry have risen sharply, Intel's failure to blow away
 estimates--something it hasn't done, by the way, for a couple of years--came as
 a shock. But there are good reasons to think that today's sell-off was overdone
 and that whatever trouble Intel is having has less to do with the "tech sector"
 (whatever that mythical beast is) in general and more to do with Intel in
 particular.

            The company, for instance, took great pains to point out that demand for its
 chips was not the problem. In fact, in a curiously un-Intel-like performance,
 it was manufacturing the chips, especially its newest chips, that tripped the
 company up. Intel delayed the release of its highest-powered Pentium processor,
 Coppermine, and a new chipset for memory chips because it couldn't hit the
 production schedules its customers needed.
