
   
   
      
         
            A Blair Witch Bitch

            No self-respecting cultural critic could resist a potshot at Time and
 Newsweek for putting The Blair Witch Project on their
 covers--even though it is the best movie showing at the moment. So here
 goes: The media are right to hype this movie, but they're hyping it for the
 wrong reasons. They're playing it as a breakthrough-in-marketing
 story--small-time filmmakers hit on 
 big-time strategy--when it's actually the oldest marketing story in the
 history of culture: scaring and delighting audiences and making oneself rich
 and famous by pushing back the boundaries of what is commonly thought of as
 realistic.

            This would be a fairly obvious thought to have if you saw the movie, as I
 did, in the eastern Catskills, a few miles away from the outlandish
 Moorish-style mansion, called Olana, built by the richest and most famous (in
 his day) of the Hudson River School of painters, Frederick Edwin Church
 (1826-1900). On the one hand, Church was as much of a marketing genius as the
 Blair Witch distributors are said to be. His best-known painting is a
 giant canvas of the Ecuadorian mountains called Heart of the Andes
 (1859) , which he displayed as if it were a theater of the real unto
 itself. He had it framed by heavy curtains, surrounded by semicircular benches,
 and lit by gaslight, so people could sit and stare at it at night, as if in
 attendance at a play. He charged a quarter per visitor and handed out opera
 glasses or special metal tubes, so viewers could pick out this detail and that
 one. This was a whole new way to exhibit art, and it made him not only the most
 notorious artist in America--the Steven Spielberg of his generation--but also
 the first mere artist who could afford to build a mansion on what was then the
 superritzy Hudson.

            The painting that makes Church worth remembering, though, came two years
 earlier, when he took the most overrepresented theme in American art to date,
 Niagara Falls, and convinced everybody they'd never seen it before.
