
   
   
      
         
            The Cartoon Mayor
            

            Dear Steve:

            I couldn't agree with you more about Mayor Giuliani and
 his hollow showboating regarding the Brooklyn Museum controversy. While much of
 what passes for 20 th -century modern art is
 absolutely horseshit--painting an entire canvas red is mere laziness, and
 claiming that it has meaning doesn't make it so--Giuliani seems determined to
 base his whole political career on crushing the messy process that is popular
 culture and scapegoating people too weak to defend themselves.

            As New Yorkers will recall, he launched his career by
 going after homeless guys who spritz your windshield at intersections and
 demand a buck to finish the job. OK, so they were annoying, but there are crack
 houses that have enjoyed continuous operation during the years that the mayor
 has been after the squeegee men. Then he put all the accouterments of street
 life out of business--newsstands, hotdog stands, street vendors--all of which
 gave New York a sidewalk-level buzz that separated it from your average
 suburban mall. Last year he attacked taxi drivers with fines for
 speeding--frankly, any cabby who can speed in these
 choked streets gets an extra tip from yours truly--and an array of nuisance
 regulations designed to make their lives impossible. I drove a cab for years
 and thought it was too hard for $150 a shift; these days you're lucky if you
 make $60 for 12 hours of backbreaking through the streets of Manhattan. What
 kind of bully picks on guys who earn five bucks an hour?

            More frightening, he's turned Times Square and its
 menagerie of wonderful filth and decadence into Disney World North. The porn
 shops are all but gone, nightclubs find it nearly impossible to function after
 getting busted all the time, and now he's stopping the rent check to the
 biggest cultural institution in Brooklyn. What always made New York great was
 its anarchic brew of mayhem and energy; Giuliani is determined to replace both
 with sterility and bourgeois consumerism.
