
   
   
      
         
            Sleeping Your Way to the White House

            Dear Ted:

            Looks like it's time to clear the dishes from this old breakfast table. I'll
 endure the scurrying roaches long enough to say It's been a lot of fun
 (although I don't usually have elephant dung with my oatmeal).

            I should have known I'd get myself in trouble by calling names of my
 favorite editorial illustrators. I left out Burt Silverman, Joe Ciardiello,
 Alan Cober, and Julian Allen (the last two, alas, having passed last year). And
 Ralph Steadman, the King of Swing.

            About drawing ability, don't sweat it, Ted. Your work is so much better
 drawn than Lurie's that the subject shouldn't even be on the table. You
 have what all great artists of all disciplines need: self-knowledge. It is the
 understanding of our own artistic personalities, temperaments, and, yes,
 limitations that enables us to shape an effective statement on the page. While
 a burnt-out hack like Lurie sweats bullets trying to be Levine (and failing
 every single solitary day of his long and lucrative life), excellent
 cartoonists figure out how to draw in a way that perfectly supports the
 statement they're making. You mention Thurber. How sublime he is! Those
 drawings bring you right in. Somehow (and I don't know how) they cause you to
 stop flipping and really look , and then, of course, you're reading the
 story. The Tom Tomorrow thing is interesting. He'd be out on his keister
 without a Xerox machine. But who cares? The image matches the voice
 wonderfully. And the voice is saying important things. Your work understands
 how fast we're flipping through the newspaper. It brings us immediately to the
 idea. Your understanding of blacks is very keen; those lines hold the image and
 grab our attention. So your cranky left-of-irony point of view comes in loud
 and clear. For God's sake, don't learn to draw.

            For years I resisted The 
               Simpsons . I hated the drawings. It
 seemed a cheap approach to animation.
