
   
   
      
         
            Strike UPS and Downs

            President Clinton's most detailed public comment to date about the UPS
 strike along with some signs of progress in the negotiations is today's news
 leader. The only difference between the papers is emphasis. The New York Times
 and USA
 Today headlines focus on the increased presidential pressure while the
 Los
 Angeles Times headline highlights the increasing chances for a
 settlement. The Washington Post emphasizes both with its "Clinton Says Deal
 Near in UPS Strike." Only the Wall Street Journal gives much high exposure to strike
 pessimism: its front-page news digest UPS item, after noting the progress, adds
 that "both sides indicated they are prepared to escalate the conflict if a deal
 isn't reached soon."

            What's driving all this are two Sunday developments. First, upon his arrival
 for a three-week stay in Martha's Vineyard, Clinton said, "It's my gut feeling
 they'll settle," and called on both sides to "redouble their efforts." And
 meanwhile, on separate Sunday chat shows, the heads of the Teamsters and of UPS
 acknowledged progress. The WP says that Clinton's decision to speak out
 was a calculated gambit to give negotiators a push and was also conceived as a
 signal that he is not neglecting the situation even though he's on
 vacation.

            Details in the UPS coverage include this comment made by the head of UPS on
 "Meet the Press" that is repeated in both the WP and LAT : "A lot
 of.business has gone away and a lot of business isn't coming back." The strike
 has made many aware for the first time just how central UPS has been to the
 daily workings of the economy (80 percent of all package delivery) and if this
 is true and not just tactical posturing, then that economy is in for a
 noticeable change. The NYT chooses to point out the importance of UPS by
 noting that the because of the strike, "Blood banks have complained of being
 forced to destroy blood" they couldn't ship and that "dozens of school systems
 are worried that they will not receive shipments of books before the school
 year begins.
