
   
   
      
         
            More Comics, Less Sports
            

            Dear Steve:

            Thanks for the encouragement to remain graphically
 inept. I've always theorized that cartoonists' drawing styles tend to suit
 their temperament in the same way that singers' voices reflect their own
 messages. I mean, what if Johnny Lydon had wanted to become a lounge singer? Or
 what if Jewel was one angry bitch with a bad hair day and a gun to use on any
 guy she despised? So maybe my workaday "style" fits my cranky, as you put it,
 outlook on life, I dunno. But I still would like to draw better, if for no
 other reason but to like the way my stuff looks more when I see it in print.
 Anyway, I suspect that maybe you're just trying to keep all the primo drawing
 gigs with yourself ("And another thing, Rall can't draw for shit!" Brodner told
 his editor over drinks at the 21 Club).

            I'm glad you mentioned The
 Simpsons , which is hands-down the best thing on TV ever. It's so great that
 it's amazing that it was ever broadcast, much less promoted to the point that
 it was permitted to gather an audience and eventually become successful. But
 don't diss Fox--I thought Married ...
 with Children (a live-action cartoon, really) was
 pure genius. The X-Files , well, obviously is great,
 though this business of preempting the season premiere in favor of baseball is
 stupid. Why can't baseball games be played and broadcast during the middle of
 the day, like in the old days? Any station that preempts news or other
 prime-time programming for sports is irresponsible as hell. More to the point,
 spectator sports don't deserve coverage in any newspaper so long as they're
 cramming comics into one tiny page and skimping on the international coverage.
 Why they merit TV coverage at all is beyond me, but running baseball games on
 Sunday nights is sheer lunacy. Back to Matt Groening, I was initially
 disappointed by Futurama , but now I realize that
 it's not written for adults; it's really more for kids.
