
   
   
      
         
            The Quayling of Al Gore

            If to "bork" means to tar someone as a political
 extremist, and to get a "lewinsky" means, well, you know, then to "quayle"
 someone means to make some personal limitation seem so overwhelmingly
 ridiculous that the victim becomes a permanent national laughingstock. The
 question of whether Dan Quayle was, in fact, significantly denser than a lot of
 other politicians (I'd argue he was only somewhat denser) became irrelevant in
 the face of an entertaining cliché. Try as he might, Quayle couldn't get anyone
 to take him seriously as a presidential candidate, because all that the
 national press corps and the national joke-writing corps wanted from him was
 material that confirmed his dumbbell stereotype.

            The same thing appears to be happening to Quayle's
 successor as vice president. In Al Gore's case, the drubbing is for a slightly
 more vague constellation of qualities such as dullness, starchiness, aloofness,
 pomposity, condescension, privilege, and political klutziness. There's an
 element of truth to these criticisms. But by becoming a shtick, the observation
 of these qualities threatens to obliterate not only Gore's corresponding
 virtues but also any hope of his becoming president. Every minor misstep that
 Gore makes becomes grist for the Gore-abuse mill. And whatever Gore does to try
 to correct these flaws, whether it's playing along by mocking himself or trying
 to demonstrate his authenticity and ordinary-guy-ness, only digs the hole
 deeper. When Gore hires a bunch of inside-the-Beltway political hacks and
 pretends there's no contest for the nomination, he's a risible Washington
 stiff. When he upends his campaign, yanks off his necktie, and engages his
 opponent, he's a risible Washington stiff trying to be what he's not. (For an
 argument that Gore's makeover may be taking, see William Saletan's "Frame Game.")

            Here are a few examples of what Gore is up against,
 culled from The Hotline over the last few days.
