
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Is it a stock-market correction yet? Don't you think
 everyone would feel better if there were an agency that could actually step
 forward and say, "We are now officially in a correction," the way the
 government does with recessions? Or would everyone feel worse? Regardless, the
 market did take it on the chin this week, battered by the combination of
 earnings disappointments from a couple of bellwethers and, above all, by the
 soaring yield on the 30-year bond. A Federal Reserve rate hike on Nov. 16 is
 now a foregone conclusion, and there may already be a rate hike after that one
 priced into the market.

            Of course, that means that if you're in the market, now
 is most definitely not the time to sell. Instead, it's a moment to remember
 Kipling. No, not The Jungle Book . And it's a time
 to wonder: Why is it a correction when the market drops by 10 percent, but not
 when it rises by 10 percent? The lower price isn't any more of an equilibrium
 state, and it's not necessarily any more accurate. So let's call it a
 dislocation instead, and imagine that someday soon all our shoulders will be
 back in their sockets. Right where they belong. On to this week's Cocktail
 Chat.

            1. "In a decision that will help AT&T expand its national cable reach , the FCC affirmed an
 old rule limiting any one company from serving more than 30 percent of all
 cable households, but changed its definition of 'cable households' so that any
 one company can now serve 36 percent of the market .
 Is this what they call quantum math?"

            2. "Con Ed agreed to buy
 Northeast Utilities for $3.3 billion . Oddly, the Bronx cheers that have greeted recent megamergers in the
 telecommunications industry were absent when this deal was announced. I think
 that's because no one under 65 owns stock in power companies anymore."

            3. "This is from a full-page Intel ad in the Wall Street Journal
               
 (punctuation duplicated exactly): 'from a dedicated oc48 fiber optic ring that
 can to scale to oc192, providing network connectivity to multiple carriers.
