
   
   
      
         
            No Bull, Nobel

            The New York Times
 , the Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times all lead with Wall Street's bad
 week. The Dow finished down 2.85% yesterday, and was down 5.9% for the week,
 its worst showing since 1991. All three papers also front the Nobel Peace Prize
 news: Doctors Without Borders won the cherished award.

            Most analysts cite two reasons for the market's downturn: an unexpectedly
 large increase in the product price index (generally a harbinger of inflation),
 and comments by Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan warning banks to keep plenty of
 reserves. It is widely agreed that the Fed will raise interest rates when they
 meet in February. The NYT points to a third cause for the dive,
 superstition: many investors are selling because they know that the market has
 suffered horrible crashes in Octobers past. The LAT runs a related front
 page article explaining the product price index, which measures inflation
 "before it reaches the consumer." The index rose by 1.1% in September, the
 largest one-month jump in a decade. The WP 's coverage is the most
 bearish, emphasizing that much of the Dow and NASDAQ's impressive performances
 have been the result of a handful of bluechip stocks. This disparity, according
 to one analyst, creates a "stealth bear" market, where, despite a rosy overall
 appearance, most stocks are quietly tanking. The NYT dutifully reminds
 readers that it's misleading to judge a dip's severity by points rather than by
 percentages. Then, without missing a beat, it breathlessly reports that this
 week's 630-point drop was the biggest ever!
            

            A NYT editorial applauds the Nobel Committee's choice of Doctors
 Without Borders. The organization sends medical personnel to troubled areas
 throughout the world. Rejecting the political neutrality of the Red Cross, the
 group is often outspoken about the injustices its members see; the organization
 was expelled from Ethiopia in 1985, and withdrew from Rwanda in 1994 because
 aid was being misused.
