
   
   
      
         
            You Auto Know

            Both the Los Angeles Times and New York Times
 lead with the first moves of Pakistan's new military leader: his announcement
 of a unilateral pull-back of troops from India's border and the establishment
 of a combined military-civilian council to run the country. The Washington Post fronts Pakistan but goes instead with the
 hard line the White House is taking with Congress on spending (made clear by
 staffers on Sunday chat shows), which will include President Clinton's veto
 today of a $12.7 billion foreign aid bill and his refusal to sign other key
 money bills until Republicans assure the protection of the Social Security
 surplus. USA
 Today plays Pakistan on Page 8 and leads with the changing taste of car
 thieves. According to an insurance industry report out today, while the Honda
 Accord and Toyota Camry remain the cars most often stolen, pickups, minivans,
 and SUVs are moving up fast. The story also reports that BMWs and Mercedes
 Benzes are not prime theft targets (there aren't enough people in the market
 for them), and that car theft has been trending down since 1991. Nobody else
 fronts the USAT or WP leads.

            The WP off-lead is slugged "HIS TERM FADING, A WISTFUL CLINTON
 LOOSENS UP," but it doesn't really deliver much about President Clinton's inner
 thoughts. With these possible exceptions: 1) Clinton remains concerned about
 what he believes is Al Gore's troubled campaign organization, and 2) For
 several months after the impeachment trial, an air of sadness hung over Clinton
 (or so says one unnamed former adviser).

            
               USAT and the LAT front stories about the latest FBI crime statistics, released yesterday. The
 USAT effort emphasizes the drop in the murder rate--6.3 per 100,000
 Americans, the lowest since LBJ was president. The LAT stresses the drop
 in juvenile crime--although its discussion seems to take a leap since the story
 mostly reports on declining numbers of juvenile arrests and hence doesn't
 address the possibility that increasing numbers of juveniles are committing
 crimes but just aren't getting caught.
