
   
   
      
         
            Hillary's Base Motives

            The Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the decision by Republican congressional leaders to
 meet today with President Clinton at the White House in an attempt to resolve
 the partisan budget differences which have left the government operating under
 a temporary spending bill, which expires this week. USA Today
 leads with the government's announcement of new regulations for transplant
 organ allocation, to take effect in 30 days. The goal of the revision is to
 eliminate, as much as possible, the current disparities in recipient waiting
 time from state to state and to maximize the chance for the sickest (but
 salvageable) patients to receive organs first. The lead at the New York Times is the Clinton
 administration's legislative proposal, sent to Congress yesterday, which would
 steer Medicare beneficiaries towards preferred doctors and hospitals that have
 agreed to offer discounted charge rates to the government and to reduce patient
 fees correspondingly. The White House claim, says the paper, is that the
 participating hospitals would not be financially hurt by the scheme because of
 increased patient volume. But, according to the Times , many Republicans
 and doctors object, fearing that such a plan will favor low cost over high
 quality.

            The LAT and WP leads report that the main reservation the
 Republicans have about jawboning with Clinton on spending is that in the past
 whenever they have, they've gotten their heads handed to them. The big budget
 issue, the two papers agree, is whether or not to tap into the current surplus
 generated by Social Security taxes. The Post quotes experts who think
 that any subsequent budget agreement will tap in, but via "enough budget
 gimmicks to obscure the picture."

            The LAT fronts, while the WP and NYT run inside, a
 report released today by the Rand Corp., at the behest of the government, which
 says an experimental anti-nerve gas medication given to up to 300,000 U.
