
   
   
      
         
            Write Two Pages and Call Me in the Morning
            

            Good morning, Jesse:

            An article from the Chicago Tribune , reprinted in the San Jose
 Mercury News , refers to a study reported in the Journal of the American
 Medical Association that concludes writing may be beneficial for your
 health. Now, that's what I call news. According to JAMA , physicians
 conducting the study asked subjects suffering from acute asthma or from
 rheumatoid arthritis to write for 20 minutes a day for three consecutive days.
 They were asked not to concern themselves with the niceties of spelling,
 punctuation, and so on. They were told instead, just write and write and write,
 what we call in the profession free-writing, I suppose.

            A significant number of study subjects reported that their symptoms improved
 with writing. This of course is good news. But even better is the prospect that
 future studies may go on to show that writing may actually cure much of what
 ails us (except for writing-induced ailments like carpal tunnel syndrome or, if
 you're still using a pencil, writer's bump--that unsightly callus on your index
 finger caused by holding a writing implement).

            I'm not sure what the controls were for the JAMA study. Were an equal
 number of volunteers asked to not write for 20 minutes for three consecutive
 days? Did their symptoms then worsen, or remain the same? I know my own
 symptoms would worsen if I were told not to write, since I write all the time.
 But let's look at this 
                  Slate
                discussion for an example of
 healthful praxis: I'm writing for more than 20 minutes twice a day for what
 will be four days. Should I be taking my pulse and blood pressure regularly?
 Should I not use my inhaler? (Actually, I do have an inhaler, but seldom need
 to use it.) What should I expect to see happening? To whom do I report the
 results? Will my HMO cover this?

            OK, you get my drift.
