
   
   
      
         
            Winners and Sinners

            The UPS strike settlement is everybody's lead. The coverage generally has
 two components: describing the deal and then saying who won. The press
 consensus is that the Teamsters did what no labor union has done since PATCO
 was crushed in 1981--gone to the mat for its membership and gotten up a clear
 winner. Showing a bias towards politics and power figures, the New York Times
 says that the "indisputable victor in the strike" is Labor Secretary Alexis
 Herman. But even with that bias, a better case could be made for Ron Carey, who
 has probably deflected membership dissent and has become emboldened to
 immediately set his sights on unionizing Federal Express.

            A big difference between the newspapers of today and those of a generation
 ago is a concerted effort now to explain events. Accordingly, the papers
 also take a shot at What The Strike Settlement Means. USA Today
 says the result is widely viewed as a "psychological victory for the labor
 movement." The Los Angeles Times and NYT expand on the same theme,
 with the latter saying that virtually every labor leader in the country hailed
 the settlement as a "watershed."

            The Washington Post hedges its bets on this, saying that
 "Labor's Win May be Brief" because the trend towards part-timers continues
 unabated. The Wall Street Journal is a more firm dissenter. It's
 meaning-of-it-all piece is headlined "UPS Pact Fails to Shift Power Back Toward
 U.S. Workers." It says a lot more than one strike will be needed to do that.
 The problem, says the Journal , is that union success hinges on
 penetrating the service sector, where jobs are transient and workers scared.
 And those who aren't scared because their special skills put them at the top of
 the labor market already have too much bargaining power to need a union.

            Two other observations about the significance of the strike bear repeating.
 USAT says that businesses will never again rely solely on UPS.
