
   
   
      
         
            Can Language Be Policed?
            

            Jesse,

            I agree with you that languages and language varieties are both adaptable
 and multifunctional. I will add to the mix of comments on this discussion the
 observation that we are all adaptable and multifunctional in our individual
 language use--even the English (that is, those from the former Great
 Britain--oops, just kidding, folks) control more than one variety of the
 language. You know those radio shows, all news, all the time? We are all
 multidialectal, all of the time, mastering levels of formality, adjusting
 content to context in speech as well as writing. And our language is not
 limited: It can grow and mature, adapt, and in some cases even atrophy. We lose
 and gain words, expressions, pronunciations. Language is creative: We can
 manipulate it to match a new concept, or a new invention, or simply to tell a
 joke. And we seem able to use language to discover new concepts as well.

            Language is also a kind of self-regulating system, adjusting system-wide to
 its users' needs and whims, and it is also a system in which the users attempt
 formal and informal kinds of regulation, establishing standards or trying to do
 so, making judgments about our own language use and that of other people (in
 the words of the radio commercial, "People judge you by the words you use
 ..."). I find that formal attempts at regulation--language laws and language
 policies, often fail to achieve their ends, or achieve ends somewhat different
 from what may have been intended. I find that we all establish linguistic
 standards and try (but often fail) to adhere to them; but interestingly, our
 standards don't align. Our linguistic use and preference vary slightly from
 person to person, so the system remains in motion.

            I also find that when it comes to discussing language, we have a significant
 user-vs.-expert problem: Users of language claim a certain amount of expertise,
 and rightly so; but they also tend to reject or challenge what experts have to
 say.
