
   
   
      
         
            Lingua Europa
            

            Good morning, Jesse:

            The language front has been unusually quiet today: The only news I see is
 the European Union announcement (reported on the CNN Web site) that the year
 2000 will be the year of language. The EU is urging everyone to learn at least
 two languages, arguing that bilingualism will better prepare workers for the
 international economy. I'm surprised no one is arguing for an international
 European language to match the uniform currency. In fact, the EU is struggling
 with language issues, having authorized a set of official languages and having
 gone on record as supporting a variety of local languages as well. I assume the
 EU regards an interlanguage as a crackpot idea; although there must be an
 Esperantist or two out there who will come forward to defend the idea, created
 languages are difficult to spread. Quite a few universal languages have been
 invented over the past few centuries, and a couple, like Esperanto, have
 dedicated users even today (Esperanto serves as an auxiliary language--it's no
 one's native tongue). But even if we had a universal language, it would soon
 begin to break up into minority tongues. Babel myth notwithstanding, it's quite
 possible that multilingualism has always been part of the human condition.

            The European Union may value multilingualism as an economic asset, but
 Americans seem to think monolingualism is the way to go. We have a long history
 of encouraging non-English speakers living or settling in the United States to
 give up their first language. Then we turn around and make them take a
 "foreign" language in high school! I've seen it argued that the languages
 immigrants give up are not useful ones, or ones with literary cultures worth
 preserving. In the early part of the 20 th century, psychologists
 argued that multilingualism was actually a cause of mental retardation. Even
 more thoughtful educators claimed that immigrants should give up their language
 for English because children didn't have room in their heads for more than one
 language.
