
   
   
      
         
            Everyone's an Expert ...
            

            Dear Dennis,

            Forgive me if I don't have much spring in my step this morning. I was just
 reading the new issue of Harper's , and started a piece by William Gass
 in appreciation of the printed book. He makes the usual comments about how
 wonderful books are, and how an ideal home would have walls full of books, and
 then I got to this: "Every real book (as opposed to dictionaries, almanacs, and
 other compilations) is a mind, an imagination, a consciousness."

            Sigh. As a dictionary editor, it is frustrating enough to be thought to be
 producing interchangeable and useless material, but for a respected writer to
 regard dictionaries as mere compilations with no mind or imagination behind
 them is especially bad.

            Your user-vs.-expert situation is right on target here. It's not just my
 experience; it's pretty much universal that language is thought to be a subject
 that anyone can comment on because everyone uses it. Unlike math, medicine, or
 even some sports, which require deep knowledge to approach, language is wide
 open. Everyone has a pet peeve, be it a misused word, an unusual pronunciation,
 or what have you.

            For lexicographers, this manifests itself most annoyingly in the poor state
 of dictionary reviewing. Most new dictionaries are not reviewed in the
 mainstream press, and even when they are, they are not reviewed by linguists or
 lexicographers. They are reviewed by writers, on the grounds that people who
 use the language professionally must be qualified to critique books devoted to
 it.

            As Sidney Landau points out in his excellent book Dictionaries: The Art
 and Craft of Lexicography , this is much like assuming that anyone who lives
 in a house is qualified to be an architecture critic. The result is that when
 dictionaries are discussed in the press, only the most superficial issues are
 given attention--the novelty of the new words entered, the number of usage
 notes, the number of illustrations.
