
   
   
      
         
            Dueling Dictionaries
            

            Dear Dennis,

            I may have spoken too soon in my earlier message. After
 I wrote it I went back and finished the William Gass piece and found a curious
 volte-face near the end: "I have rarely paged through one of my dictionaries (a
 decent household will have a dozen) without my eye lighting, along the way, on
 words more beautiful than a found fall leaf ..."

            So he does appreciate dictionaries after all, even if
 he somehow thinks that they simply spring into existence with no help from
 editors.

            You are of course right that people who use things, be
 they books or kitchens, have a real stake in how they decide to use them. The
 poor ink-stained wretches working in the new Condé Nast building in New York
 know that the building is an architectural disaster, and Herbert Muschamp's
 glowing review of it in the Times won't change
 that. But it would be nice if a user's needs coincided with the expressed
 purpose of an item. Thus even if dictionaries were used chiefly as booster
 seats, it would behoove a reviewer to address their real purpose. An office
 building that functions poorly as an office building but looks impressive
 should be criticized, just as a dictionary that has impressive photos and
 presses flowers well but has poor definitions and etymologies should be
 criticized.

            Speaking of criticizing dictionaries, it seems we have
 a difference of opinion about the Encarta
 dictionary. For once the newspapers got things right, and largely because they
 bothered to call lexicographers for opinions. This wasn't a case of
 misinterpretation--the book has very severe problems, which were barely touched
 on even in the harsher newspaper reviews (which, in any event, are unlikely to
 have much effect on Encarta 's sales). I'm very fond
 of Anne Soukhanov, professionally and personally, but I think she realizes the
 flaws of the work.
