
   
   
      
         
            Economic Data: An Infinite Loop
            

            Everyone knows--or at least we're supposed to know--that the market for U.S.
 stocks today is dominated by momentum traders, day traders, and technical
 traders, none of whom are paying attention to the underlying fundamentals of
 the companies whose shares they're buying and selling, and all of whom are
 putting the U.S. economy at risk by converting the stock market into an
 elaborate shell game/pyramid scheme.

            As it happens, this is wrong. There are lots of momentum traders and day
 traders and technical traders, but there always have been, and in any case the
 increased volume on the stock market and the greater number of traders has
 almost certainly made stock prices more efficient and more accurate indicators
 of underlying value than they once were.

            What's interesting about this, though, is that the same picture is very
 rarely drawn of the bond market, even though if you talk to (or listen to) bond
 traders, what you mostly hear is a host of technical information--stuff about
 the trend of bond prices over the last month or last week, about support levels
 that bond prices have to hold or break through, and about overbought/oversold
 indicators that are or are not flashing green or red. And you also get a lot of
 rapid reaction to things like Alan Greenspan speeches or employment-cost-index
 numbers. The conventional image of bondholders is that they're conservative,
 long-term, careful investors. (Why else would you be content with a 6.3 percent
 yield for 30 long years.) But bond traders are as manic--no, more manic- than
 their counterparts in the equity market.

            This doesn't mean that the bond market is any less efficient than the stock
 market, though it does seem a bit curious. But what bond traders' reliance on
 technical analysis--the idea that future price movements can be deduced by
 studying the patterns of past price movements--speaks to is just how impossible
 it is to successfully predict a market in which every piece of potential
 information seems to point in two different directions at once, and in which
 there seems to be nothing that doesn't count as potential information.
