
   
   
      
         
            Money Talks

            The NATO raid in Bosnia leads at the New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times . New revelations about Democrat fundraising lead at the
 Washington Post . The upholding by a federal court of
 "Megan's Law" leads at USA Today .

            The Bosnia action, an assault on the Banja Luka police HQ and several other
 police facilities, all thought to be centers of support for war criminal
 suspect Radovan Karadzic against Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic, met
 with no resistance and resulted in the confiscation of truckloads of weapons
 from Karadzic supporters. But according to the NYT , it nonetheless
 represents a "far more muscular, interventionist role" for NATO, which, in the
 words of the LAT , amounts to "clearly taking sides in an explosive
 crisis."

            The WP 's lead reveals that last January, as part of an attempt to woo
 a potential head of the Democratic National Committee, President Clinton had
 agreed to decree that the DNC would no longer accept "soft money." But says the
 Post , when the candidate declined, citing family obligations, the idea
 went away.

            The Post 's column one story, written by Bob Woodward and Ann Devroy,
 adds a few more warts to the presidential portrait with its revelation that
 last August, Clinton had a 45-minute one-on-one meeting with the CEO of Federal
 Express, Frederick Smith, to discuss a Japanese trade barrier that was costing
 Smith's company millions. And, the paper reports, less than three weeks after
 that tete-a-tete, Federal Express gave $100,000 to the DNC, part of a total of
 $275,000 in soft money that the company ponied up to the Democrats during the
 last election cycle. This all happened after Clinton was advised in a DNC memo
 to call Smith personally to solicit a contribution. One memo, reports the
 Post , advised the president to "ask him for $150,000."

            Smith tells the WP that the money contributed "had nothing to do with
 the meeting he had with Clinton.
