
   
   
      
         
            The Magna Jakarta

            The Washington Post and New York Times lead with the
 surprising result of Indonesia's first truly contested presidential election in
 nearly 50 years: the victory (in a vote taken in the national legislature, not
 among the general public) of a first-time office-holder, an aging, frail, and
 nearly blind Muslim cleric named Abdurrahman Wahid. This is also the top
 nonlocal story at the Los Angeles Times . USA Today
 puts Indonesia deep inside and leads instead with Department of Justice
 documents made public yesterday showing that the DOJ believes the clemency
 release of convicted Puerto Rican terrorists last month by President Clinton
 increases the threat of violence posed by their separatist group, FALN. The
 paper also reports that documents made available yesterday show that the DOJ
 weighed in with the White House against clemency in 1996. The WP runs a
 similar story inside. A NYT front-page story based on those same
 documents paints a diametric picture, reporting that Justice took extraordinary
 steps to maximize the terrorists' chances for clemency, including the highly
 unusual step of making their applications for them and having supporters
 persuade them to write statements of repentance.

            Wahid's victory came despite his having only recently declared his
 candidacy, at the expense of the prohibitive favorite, the daughter of the
 nation's founding president, Sukarno. Wahid was, the papers report, sworn in
 almost immediately after the legislature's vote. Both the NYT and
 LAT note that he is a moderate, with the LAT stating he has
 something that will be much needed as Indonesia tries to dig itself out of two
 solid years of political upheaval and economic failure--good relations with all
 the major blocs of Indonesian society: the military, former presidents Suharto
 and Habibie, and the country's students. That said, the coverage still notes
 the outbreak of street violence upon the announcement of the election outcome,
 although the NYT says it didn't approach what was feared if Sukarno's
 daughter lost.
