
   
   
      
         
            There Ought To Be a Law! Not!
            

            Good morning, Jesse,

            The language news today is big: Quebec Superior Court
 Judge Danielle Cote has struck down as unconstitutional a section of the
 language law, la Loi 101 , that requires French to
 be predominant on commercial signs. The judge ruled that two antique dealers
 didn't violate the law by hanging a sign outside their store with French on one
 side and English on the other, with lettering that is the same size.
 La loi 101 , passed in 1977, provided that signs
 could be only in French. That provision was ruled unconstitutional in 1988 and
 was replaced with a requirement that French have "greater visibility" or
 "marked predominance" on signs.

            The Quebec government argued in this case that French
 still needs protection in the province, while the judge sided with the defense,
 holding that French had made great strides and is not threatened. Justice
 Minister Linda Goupil plans to appeal, while Provincial Liberal leader Jean
 Charest claimed Quebec's linguistic peace will be threatened by the new ruling.
 The defense lawyer said he would fight any appeals all the way to the United
 Nations.

            The application of the Quebec language law to business
 signs has often been controversial. Government inspectors went around with tape
 measures to make sure French lettering was larger than English. And the Quebec
 government complained that Anglophone business owners sought to evade the law
 by having larger French letters on their signs, but in the faintest of colors
 so they couldn't be seen.

            I happened to be in Montreal during the
 20 th anniversary of the passing of Law 101. A
 young CBC editor assured me that language was a political issue only for the
 older generation in the city, that the young people, Anglophone and Francophone
 alike, were all pretty much bilingual and were generally bemused by all the
 squabbling.
