
   
   
      
         
            The Electronic Corpus
            

            Dear Dennis,

            Sorry for having to cut things short yesterday.

            The Future of the Book question is one that's been so
 thoroughly discussed, from Plato all the way to Gass' article (unless there's
 one even more recent), that I hardly think I could add anything. But I don't
 think that books are going away in the near future. Even if we had some sort of
 electronic book that was convenient and had a good screen, physical books, in
 dead-tree editions, are still superior on so many grounds that they'll be
 around for a while. Some technologies, such as print-on-demand, will have a
 real affect on the publishing world, but that's a different subject. And I say
 this as someone also perfectly comfortable with computers; I'd have a hard time
 getting any kind of serious writing done on paper (though I do love fountain
 pens and think they're not at all inconvenient), and I can comfortably revise
 and edit onscreen.

            In the world of language studies, however, I think
 computers have already had a tremendous impact, and this impact will grow. The
 tools available for language analysis are so helpful that it's hard to imagine
 going back to a time when we didn't have them. The large-scale electronic
 corpus is indispensable for any sort of dictionary work today. Briefly, a good
 corpus will gather millions of words, from a wide and carefully selected range
 of sources, so that you can study it for any sort of patterns you want. If
 you're concerned with the words alone, you can look up individual words to see
 how they're used. (A rough idea of how this works can be had by entering a
 moderately uncommon word such as "nugatory" into an Internet search engine and
 seeing what you get.) But you can also learn about grammatical patterns that
 you'd never be able to judge otherwise--the ratio of "different from" to
 "different than" in texts, for example.

            Large-scale full-text databases are another tool that
 has proved supremely effective.
