
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            It was a mood-swing week on Wall Street, though I don't think there's anyone
 left out there who feels confident enough to tell you what the market's going
 to do next. (Well, it will fluctuate, of course.) Beaten down by last week's
 producer price index number and the myriad 
 misreadings of Alan Greenspan's comments, stocks came roaring back this
 week after the consumer price index for September was reasonable and Microsoft
 reported blowout numbers--no doubt all due to 
                  Slate
               , in some
 complicated way that not even we can fully comprehend. But then IBM came in on
 Wednesday night with a melancholy forecast for the next six months, which sent
 stocks tumbling for much of Thursday until they just stopped. It was actually
 an impressive feat of discriminating between good and bad stocks on the part of
 the market, instead of the perhaps more common "Kill 'em all and let God sort
 'em out" approach.

            I hope nothing else important happens between the time I write this and you
 read it, but if it does, just ask the closest 7-year-old about it. He'll
 probably give you a version much like the one in the previous paragraph. And
 so, on to the Cocktail Chat!

            1. "AOL announced that it would be investing $800 million in PC maker
 Gateway , and that it would be entering a partnership with Gateway that
 should give AOL easier access to people who buy Gateway PCs, and Gateway easier
 access to AOL customers. Since Gateway's company mascot is a cow ,
 speculation has immediately arisen that its version of the online service will
 be called America MOOnline."

            1a. "Think of that as a Henny Youngman joke for the age of the New
 Economy."

            2. "IBM met Wall Street estimates but saw its market capitalization drop
 by a staggering $40 billion after it warned that its sales in the next two
 quarters, well into next year, would be sharply lower because customers are so
 worried about the Y2K problem .
