
   
   
      
         
            Blow Book Blows

            The Washington Post leads with a Russian rocket attack on
 Grozny, the capital of Chechnya, that killed more than 100 people--mostly
 civilians--and wounded several hundred more. The assault is also the top
 nonlocal story at the Los Angeles Times . It is carried inside elsewhere. The
 LAT leads with news that the Los Angeles police scandal is mushrooming,
 based on a reporter's unadvertised attendance at a special briefing for LAPD
 officers at which they were told that investigators are now looking into seven
 questionable shootings of Angelenos, and into the police theft and resale of
 street drugs. USA Today leads with the latest evidence of the U.S.
 military's recruiting difficulties: the cost per enlistee is now at an all-time
 high. This is, the paper points out, money therefore not available to spend on
 service members' training or housing. The New York Times front is a campaign
 manager's dream: The lead is Al Gore's vow yesterday that if elected president,
 he would ban offshore drilling for gas and oil along both the California and
 Florida coasts (the Clinton administration policy is a mere moratorium), and
 nearby is a reefer reporting that Bill Bradley yesterday advocated attacking
 child poverty by raising the minimum wage, increasing child-care spending, and
 providing working parents with various tax benefits. Pictures of the candidates
 dominate the page.

            The WP goes bottom front with a dispatch about how the batch of
 appropriations bills currently on Congress' plate are salted with discreet
 little money plums for business: for auto companies, defense contractors,
 utilities, agribusiness, shipbuilders, chemical companies, and even an
 ammunition manufacturer. Bennies like the $15 million for research on
 supersonic aircraft noise reduction, a subsidy that will help Gulfstream
 develop a supersonic business jet, apparently to meet the pressing national
 need for fat guys in loud pants to get to golf tournaments quicker.
