
   
   
      
         
            Does the Dow Always Dip in October?
            

            Even before the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 6 percent last week,
 market watchers were anticipating a dip in the market--the so-called "October
 curse." Does the stock market really perform worse during October? And, if so,
 why?

            Anecdotal evidence supports the October curse. The 1929 crash happened in
 October, as did the 8 percent one-day drop in 1937, 1987's Black Monday, and
 the big correction in 1997. In all, five of the 10 largest one-day drops in Dow
 Jones history have happened in October.

            But statistical analysis reveals a murkier picture. Since 1928, when the
 DJIA began measuring the performance of 30 leading stocks, October has produced
 average monthly returns (calculated by dividing each year's Oct. 31 Dow level
 by its Sep. 30 level) of -0.21 percent. While negative, these returns are not
 the year's worst; May and September yield returns of -0.39 percent and -1.19
 percent, respectively. And since 1990, October has ranked seventh out of the 12
 months, with an average return of +0.36 percent. Other indices are similarly
 mixed: October has historically been the worst month for the Nasdaq Composite
 Index, but ranks seventh for the Standard & Poor's 500.

            While October has historically been a below-average month for the stock
 market, the "curse" is an exaggeration. Often, there are no major drops during
 October. And in 1982 and 1998, the DJIA increased about 10 percent for the
 month.

            When the Dow drops in October, Wall Street points to three major factors.
 First, many companies report their financial year-end earnings in October. If a
 company underperforms expectations early in the year, the market is more
 forgiving, since there is still time for the company to recover before year's
 end. In the third and fourth quarters, though, poor earnings reports often
 cause a company's stock to fall (this helps explain Thursday's drop in the IBM
 stock price after the company's earnings announcement).
