
   
   
      
         
            Want Spoiled Fries With That?

            Bad burger meat dominates, leading at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post , and the New York Times .
 The Wall Street Journal heads up its top-of-the-page
 "World-Wide" news box with another pretty important health story, the admission
 by the CEO of the nation's largest cigarette maker that his product may have
 killed 100,000 people. The Los Angeles Times leads with state charges being
 filed in the Ruby Ridge case.

            Everybody has the same basic details on the recall of 25 million pounds of
 burger meat: It was produced at a Hudson Foods plant in Nebraska. It was the
 largest meat recall in history, prompted by 16 people in Colorado getting food
 poisoning from a strain of E. coli bacteria that can lead to kidney failure and
 death. And the Dept. of Agriculture doesn't have the legal power to close a
 suspect food plant or unilaterally recall its product, but gets its way on
 these matters by threatening to pull out its inspectors. It is widely reported
 that because of this episode, the Secretary of Agriculture now intends to ask
 Congress for that closing power.

            The NYT goes a little further than the others in describing the meat
 regulatory system, pointing out that, concerned by problems of contamination,
 Agriculture officials have recently approved a new more stringent system of
 controls, but adding that the new system is not scheduled to be in place
 anywhere until early next year, and not at the Hudson plant until 1999. Also,
 the NYT is alone in explicitly stating that the Colorado victims
 survived. On the other hand, the Times puts the relevant consumer
 information--the lot number of the suspect meat and the company and government
 800 numbers--at the very bottom of the story, where, editors know from long
 experience, most readers will never see it. The Post mentions the
 various places in the Washington area where the meat might have ended up,
 including the Pentagon food system, but is mum on whether any got near the
 burger lover in the White House.
