
   
   
      
         
            Fortunate Son Revisited

            It took me about an hour on Monday to figure out that Fortunate Son , the book that accuses George
 W. Bush of getting arrested for cocaine in 1972, was a crock (see "
 Busting Bush's Biographer"). I say this not to congratulate myself (well,
 not merely to congratulate myself) but to ask why St. Martin's Press, which
 announced yesterday that it was "suspending" publication of the book, was
 unable to make a similar determination before shipping 70,000 copies to book
 stores--copies that it has so far not recalled, by the way. These people
 evaluate books for a living. Why couldn't they smell the huge fish rotting in
 the top drawer?

            The answer is that book editors, and especially some of those at St.
 Martin's, are very skilled at holding their noses. People often assume that
 books are more reliable than newspapers and magazines because they are printed
 on higher quality paper and bound between hard covers. Nothing could be further
 from the truth. Book publishers have the lowest editorial standards in
 journalism, with the possible exception of the Drudge Report and
 Salon (which after putting the rumor into play in August and hyping the charges in Hatfield's book , is now reporting on the scandal as a disinterested third-party
 observer).

            In news journalism, editors assume a degree of responsibility for the
 veracity of what they edit. If a newspaper reporter quotes anonymous sources,
 his editor will usually want to know their identity, so he can reach some
 conclusion about whether they are trustworthy. Many magazines employ
 fact-checkers (whose work is premised on the books-are-more-reliable fallacy).
 In book publishing, by contrast, editors avoid getting involved in issues of
 reliability. Before the Dallas Morning News exposed him as an attempted
 murderer and he went underground, J.H. Hatfield told me that his editor only
 knew who one of his three alleged anonymous sources was.
