
   
   
      
         
            Shattering Glass-Steagall

            The Washington Post leads with a House Republican plan to cut
 Government spending across-the-board by 1.4 percent. The Republicans contend
 that cutting $4.5 billion from federal agencies and delaying $1.3 billion in
 health spending will fill the hole in their budget. Administration officials
 argue that the Republican plan does not add up and that the proposal would
 force layoffs and harm military readiness. House Majority Leader Richard Armey
 (R-Tex.) explained his vision of how the Defense Department could cut 1.4
 percent from its $260 billion budget: "Instead of having two colonels to hold
 your paper, you'll have only one major." The NYT and the LAT
 carry the story inside.

            The New York Times and the
 Los
 Angeles Times lead with the product of decades of debate and intensive
 lobbying--an agreement to transform American banking laws.

            Democrats and Republicans resolved to repeal the Depression-era
 Glass-Steagall law, which restricted the cross-ownership of banks, brokerages,
 and insurers. If the accord is enacted, a NYT analysis forecasts that
 financial institutions will agglomerate into "universal banks" to provide
 one-stop financial shopping. Consumers could benefit from reduced costs. The
 LAT notes that the bill will prohibit nonfinancial companies from buying
 banks.

            Even though Senate Republicans acceded to a Democratic provision that will
 prevent banks with unsatisfactory lending records from moving into other
 financial services, advocates for disadvantaged borrowers argue that the
 agreement fails to strengthen fair lending laws. Yesterday, the WP was
 able to squeeze early news of the 2 a.m. agreement into a late edition. Today,
 the story is the Post 's off-lead. All papers report that the stock
 market soared over 172.5 points on news of the accord.

            The LAT fronts a United Nations Security Council vote to send 6,000
 peacekeepers to Sierra Leone.
