
   
   
      
         
            The Midas Touch
            

            I had a great time with the tremendously entertaining New New Thing ,
 and it has taught me a lot. (You've been following Silicon Valley for some
 time; I've mostly been living in the 19 th century with J.P. Morgan
 for the past 15 years, and keeping up only from a distance with what one of
 Lewis' characters calls "the greatest legal creation of wealth in the history
 of the planet.") So, Lewis' account of the wild and uncannily shrewd Jim Clark
 is among other things a terrific introduction to the ongoing revolution in
 information technology, to its transformation of the U.S. economy, and to the
 gold-rush combination of optimism and insanity in the current marketplace for
 Internet ideas. Just for the record, Clark founded Silicon Graphics, Netscape,
 and then Healtheon, which you've already mentioned, and this spring he was
 worth $3.2 billion. I've been tempted to characterize him as the Dennis Rodman
 of Silicon Valley, but his scoring record is closer to Jordan's.

            Like you, I found a number of annoying and frustrating things in the book,
 but I'll talk about the good parts first. Lewis has such a fantastic eye for
 funny, telling moments that he often doesn't have to "tell" much around
 them--such as that Steven Spielberg and George Lucas saw the possibilities of
 three-dimensional computer graphics (Clark's first Big Idea) long before
 Lockheed or IBM did. Or the sense of technological magic that drew other
 brilliant engineers to Clark: "Jim was building the coolest stuff," says
 one--"You wanted to be around just to see what was going to happen next." Also,
 not everything Clark touched turned to gold, and Lewis enhances the drama by
 showing the mistakes. At a 1990 conference, Clark predicted that personal
 computing would link up with personal communications once the PC became fun to
 use--for instance, through computer games like Nintendo. That was wrong (the
 games part), but as Lewis observes, "he was groping toward a mass market.
