
   
   
      
         
            Stealth Health Care Reform

            NATO operations in Bosnia lead the New York Times .
 At the Washington Post , it's a surprising element of the
 just-passed budget bill. The Los Angeles Times leads with President Clinton's
 advocacy of a fast-track trade bill.

            This choice by the LAT is curious. The topic of a fast-track trade
 bill is technical--it's a guarantee that Congress will act quickly to vote up
 or down any new trade accord rather than lay on amendments--and it's
 non-pressing--it's something that the Clinton administration has tried to
 secure since 1995 and won't actively be pursuing for several more weeks until
 after the president and Congress return from their summer vacations. Meanwhile,
 the LAT relegates a far more important story to the second banana
 position, on the top left quadrant of the front--"Crackdown on Assault Weapons
 Has Missed Mark." This piece makes the point that despite a California ban
 against assault weapons put into effect in 1989 and a similar federal statute
 five years later, "today, thousands of assault weapons are changing hands
 because of gaping holes in the laws." What happened, the story explains, is
 that the gun manufacturers got around the intent of the laws by flooding the
 market with copycat weapons that differ from the particular banned ones only
 cosmetically, and by substantially increasing the volume of assault weapons
 they manufactured before the ban became law, because the post-ban continued
 sale of such guns is allowed. This bass-ackwards news judgement comes from
 being too attached to "presidential" news---after all, Clinton mentioned the
 trade bill in his weekly radio address--and to "breaking" news--the radio
 address is something that "happened" on Saturday, while the disaster of the gun
 bills is not.

            The NYT Bosnia lead emphasizes the risks being taken by the current
 NATO policy of backing one Bosnian Serb faction against another, and reports
 local sentiment that Radovan Karadzic will probably respond with intimidation
 and violence.
