
   
   
      
         
            The Meaning of the IBM Sell-Off
            

            It's hard to tell if this is still the Era of Stock Market Good Feeling or
 if a combination of Y2K concerns, rising interest rates, misreadings of Alan
 Greenspan, and conventional "October is a bad month for stocks" has brought it
 to a sudden end. What we seem to be living through right now is a strange time
 in which the market is simultaneously being excoriated as overvalued and
 hysterical and being described as being in a slump that forebodes bad
 things ahead. Can't win for losing.

            As evidence of investor hysteria, the financial media often point to things
 like the $40 billion market-cap hit that IBM took at the end of last week,
 after it announced that it would have two, and perhaps three, disappointing
 quarters in a row because its customers were cutting back on spending in order
 to take care of potential Y2K problems. Momentum investors pile into a stock,
 the narrative goes, and then pile out of it without paying any attention to the
 fundamentals, so that good buy-and-hold investors get whipsawed for no good
 reason.

            But what happened to IBM on Thursday, far from being evidence of a flighty
 stock market, was instead a sign of just how discriminating investors have
 become. If stock prices really were being driven solely by inflated margin
 balances and the overconfidence bred by years of 20 percent plus returns, you'd
 expect investors to be forgiving. In fact, they are more punitive then ever.
 Investors are willing to pay high prices for companies that deliver consistent
 above-average cash-flow growth. But if there are signs that a company's ability
 to deliver that kind of growth may be faltering--and IBM's announcement was a
 Vegas-style neon sign to that effect--then the market will pummel a stock
 quickly.

            The speed with which a negative earnings report can vaporize a company's
 market cap is also sometimes held up as problematic.
