
   
   
      
         
            The Poverty of Theory
            

            The question "How much of Bell's vision of a post-industrial society has
 come to pass?" is freighted in all sorts of subtle ways. Looking over your own
 summary of his 1973 projections of what U.S. society in the year 2000 would
 look like, one would say that they were, by and large, pretty prescient. But
 Bell himself disclaimed the role of futurologist. "I am writing," he said, "an
 'as if,' a fiction, a logical construction of what could be, against
 which the future social reality can be compared in order to see what intervened
 to change society in the direction it did take." And what was his original
 motivation in constructing this as-if scenario? He wanted to understand how
 another sociological theorist went wrong in predicting social change: Karl
 Marx.

            Though he is often (wrongly) lumped with the neocons today, Bell is in his
 bones an Old Left intellectual. (He joined the youth of the Socialist Party in
 1932 at the age of 13, and his first book, published in 1952, tried to explain
 why no Marxian socialist movement took root in the United States.) The
 distressing thing for intellectuals of a Marxian bent is the failure of Marx's
 scenario for the collapse of capitalism (as presented in Volume I of
 Capital ) to come true. What was the fatal flaw in Marx's scheme for
 explaining structural changes in society as a consequence of increasing
 conflict between two classes, the capitalists and the proletariat, whose
 identities were determined by the industrial mode of production?

            The answer, it is generally thought, has something to do with the emergence
 of a third class--the managers, technocrats, white collars, "symbolic
 analysts," or whatever you want to call them--that is neither capitalist nor
 proletarian. Bell (who actually made it through Volume III of Capital !)
 discovered that Marx himself foresaw this possibility as he observed the growth
 of an investment-banking system in the late 19th century.
