
   
   
      
         
            Banana Belches on the Brooklyn Bridge
            

            Dear Seth,

            My quads are doing quite well, thanks. And that's a very good question you
 raise about whether or not these bars are any better than regular food, because
 from the outside, they look like treats. The crackly foil wrappers, the
 tempting names like Chocolate Chip Peanut Crunch and Wild Berry. This
 deceptively yummy packaging makes what you find inside even more disappointing.
 In general they are extrusions of jaw-tiringly chewy, chemical-smelling
 waxiness. Likewise with sports drinks. Their names (Arctic Shatter, Frost)
 promise limitless refreshment. But when you drink them, your first thought is
 "Who put too much water in the Kool-Aid?"

            So why eat this stuff? Are sports bars and drinks an improvement on a
 balanced diet and plain old water? Or are they just another piece of gear, like
 an expensive running watch that looks cool but won't get you to the finish line
 any faster. According to a dietician I spoke with, the garden variety athlete
 has no need for either sports bars or drinks. The bars are, in general
 "glorified candy bars," and if you read the label, they often list
 high-fructose corn syrup as their first ingredient. A few bars don't. She
 singled out the Clif Bar as having a good balance of protein, carbohydrates,
 and fats, as well as high fiber. She also said one thing to look for was a
 40-30-30 ratio of carbs to fats to proteins. Eating nutrients in this ratio is
 supposed to keep your blood-sugar levels in check--if you load up on sugars and
 carbs with no protein and fat, your blood-sugar levels spike and then drop,
 leaving you feeling tired.

            What about the drinks? There are a few reasons why sports drinks are
 supposedly better than water: 1) The presence of carbs--about 6 to 8
 percent--supposedly speeds your absorption of fluids. 2) The carbs will help
 you stay energized while you work out.
