
   
   
      
         
            Welcome to the New Economy, Dow Jones
            

            Kicking and screaming, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is slowly finding
 its way into the late 20 th century, even as the 21 st gets
 set to arrive. Today's announcement that, as of Monday, Union Carbide, Sears,
 Chevron, and Goodyear will be replaced by Home Depot, SBC Communications,
 Microsoft, and Intel (the latter two being the first Nasdaq stocks ever to
 appear in the Dow) is fine testimony to what all of us already knew: that the
 U.S. economy has changed dramatically in the last two decades, and that former
 industrial powerhouses have been superseded by the avatars of the New
 Economy.

            Actually, the four new Dow companies are avatars of the old New
 Economy, since there's nary an Internet or telecom-equipment manufacturer among
 them. But when you consider that it took Dow Jones until 1997 to take Bethlehem
 Steel, a company whose industrial fortunes peaked sometime back in the 1930s,
 out of the index, getting Microsoft in there 13 years after it went public has
 to be seen as a minor success. Of course, Microsoft also has the largest market
 capitalization of any company in the world. So the Dow isn't exactly going out
 on a limb.

            The striking thing about today's announcement is that changes in the Dow
 still make headlines, not because they happen so often (actually, they happen
 very rarely) but because the Dow is such an arbitrary collection of names to
 begin with. Any index is arbitrary in its inclusion and exclusion of names. But
 the Dow's size--it has just 30 companies--magnifies the effect of its
 arbitrariness. Looking to 30 companies to decipher the underlying health of the
 stock market, let alone of the U.S. economy as a whole, is senseless. Yet it
 remains true that for many, if not most, Americans, the stock market is
 the Dow.

            That's had two contradictory consequences in recent years. On the one hand,
 it's led people to overestimate the nature of this bull market, especially in
 1999.
