
   
   
      
         
            Scams and Smokes

            Corruption and cigarettes dominate today. There's even corruption involving
 cigarettes. USA Today leads with the call by Teamsters union
 presidential candidate James P. Hoffa for a special prosecutor to look into
 allegations that union president Ron Carey and the Democratic party may have
 been illegally funding each other in 1996. The Washington Post leads with rampant abuses of the D.C.
 employment disability system. The Wall Street Journal front-page "World Wide" news box refers
 to an AP story about the head of the World Health Organization saying that
 cigarette makers now under increasing restrictions in the U.S. should not be
 allowed to expand into other countries. The New York Times
 goes with a lengthy expose charging that the world's largest tobacco companies
 are selling billions of dollars' worth of cigarettes each year to traders and
 dealers who funnel them into the black market. The Los Angeles
 Times lead is that according to Census Bureau projections, a steady
 rise in births and a continuing stream of immigrants will add nearly 18 million
 people to California's population by 2025.

            Although the tobacco companies deny doing anything to abet the smuggling of
 their product, the Times piece surveys recent criminal cases in Spain,
 Italy, and China that show otherwise. The reason this is an important story is
 directly connected to the WHO director's remarks. If governments can't regulate
 the illegal inflow of cigarettes into their countries, they can't generate
 effective health programs for discouraging smoking, especially, notes the
 NYT , because smuggled smokes tend to be cheaper, which means teenagers
 can buy more of them.

            The NYT front page has a story sure to further turn up the
 temperature about the ease with which potential donors of dubious backgrounds
 have gained access to this president. It seems that the organizers of a Ponzi
 scheme based on jewelry sales were, through a third-party political donation to
 the DNC, able to wangle a photo op with President Clinton, and then used the
 resulting photo in their promotional literature to snare more investors.
