
   
   
      
         
            Buckley and Quotas at Yale

            Nicholas Lemann's absorbing new history of American meritocracy, The Big Test , contains an interesting anecdote about
 William F. Buckley's inadvertent role, while an undergraduate at Yale during
 the late 1940s, in helping that university restrict the number of Jews and
 Catholics it admitted. Here is how Lemann tells the story (on page 142):

            

               
                  One year the Connecticut legislature got the idea of forbidding
 universities to ask for information about the religion of applicants. [Yale
 President A. Whitney] Griswold persuaded the student editor of the Yale
 Daily News , William F. Buckley, Jr., to go up to Hartford and testify
 against the bill; Griswold told him such information would be indispensable for
 the Yale Archives (though Buckley, an opponent of government regulation, didn't
 need to be persuaded very hard). A few days later, when Buckley told Yale's
 Catholic chaplain about his political mission, the chaplain broke the news to
 him that Yale maintained a ceiling of 13 percent on Catholics and on Jews and
 that was why they needed to ask the question.
               

            

            Lemann got one detail wrong: Griswold didn't become Yale's president until a
 few months after Buckley graduated, so the president in question would have
 been Griswold's predecessor, Charles Seymour. When Chatterbox asked Buckley
 about this intriguing story--which apparently has never been told before,
 except in a footnote to Dan A. Oren's 1985 book Joining The Club: A History of Jews and
 Yale --Buckley was a little hazy about the details:

            

               
                  I met with Charles Seymour, ex officio as chairman of the Yale
 News , once every week. I can't exactly remember whether it was he who asked
 me to go to Hartford or whether it was [Yale's lawyer, Frederick]
 Wiggin. I do remember at one point Seymour telling me that it was ridiculous
 not to ask an applicant what religion his was, since "colleges are historical
 research facilities.
