
   
   
      
         
            Beyond the Valley of the IPOs
            

            Good guys and bad guys? I hadn't thought about
 The New New Thing in those terms, since it seemed
 to me that even though Clark had spats with various people--and even though he
 looked at money people, in particular, as vermin--all of them, even the vermin,
 were his co-conspirators. Everybody involved in this story was in this thing
 together, thinking and acting in this new way, trying to reinvent the business
 world and perhaps even trying to redefine the nature of capitalism itself. (Can
 you really generate a net worth of $2.3 billion without
 ever doing any work ? Certainly that has to rank as one of Jim Clark's more
 audacious experiments in capitalism!)

            Ultimately, every character in the book is going to
 turn out to be a good guy--or they're all going to turn out to be bad guys.
 Let's remember, again, why we both thought so highly of The New New Thing : It offers an astonishingly vivid description of
 what Silicon Valley is like at this moment in history. From my vantage point on
 the East Coast, it seems crazy out there--and Lewis has that craziness nailed.
 So let's suppose for a second that this ... this ... anarchy, as Lewis calls
 it, turns out to be the future of American business--which of course is what
 most people in the Valley firmly believe. If that turns out to be the case,
 we're going to look back on this book 20 years from now and say, "Jim Clark and
 those guys in The New New Thing , they showed us the
 way. They are true heroes." But now let's suppose that Silicon Valley at the
 millennium turns out to be what the 1960s were when we were in college: an
 intoxicating flash-in-the-pan. That is, all that Jim Clark-style anarchy
 ultimately falls by the wayside, much of the wealth evaporates, and one day
 people wake up and wonder, "What were we thinking?" In that case, we'll look
 back at The New New Thing and say, "What a bunch of
 idiots those guys were!
