
   
   
      
         
            Color Me Thirsty
            

            Good morning, Seth.

            In front of me are 14 bottles of multicolored sports
 drinks. The only color I don't see is pink. The big three, Gatorade, Powerade,
 and All Sport, are all represented. The variations between brands are as
 follows: Gatorade has 110 milligrams sodium per serving, Powerade and All Sport
 have 55. All Sport is slightly carbonated. The other two are not. Other than
 that, the differences are all aesthetic. Powerade has flashy graphics, is
 saturated with dye, and has a more intense flavor. Gatorade is subtler, with
 the classic orange thunderbolt design, and has generally more mild watery
 flavors. (I bet, though, that their new "Fierce" line--Fierce Melon, Fierce
 Lime, etc.--which has stronger flavors, is meant to compete with Powerade.) All
 Sport's design leans toward the low-budget and simple, and it's a touch sweeter
 than the others, flavorwise.

            The flavor names are ridiculous: Powerade has Mountain
 Blast, Jagged Ice, and Arctic Shatter. Gatorade has Alpine Snow, Riptide Rush,
 and Glacier Freeze. The new trend in drinks seems to be away from the
 traditional red-orange-yellow colors and fake-fruit flavors and toward the blue
 end of the color spectrum and the dropping of all pretense of fruitiness.
 Gatorade's "Frost" line sports semi-opaque blue, purple, and white drinks. But
 these new flavors--especially the Powerade flavors--are, I think,
 too intense. Powerade's Lemon Lime smells so
 strongly like bathroom cleaner you think you're going to burn your nose
 inhaling it, and it tastes the way I'd imagine bathroom cleaner would, too.

            Instead of chowing down on sports bars like I did for
 our run across the Brooklyn Bridge, this time I drank a load of the sports
 drinks before I ran. And I felt a lot better than I did with the bars. But the
 many uncontrolled factors involved here (did I get a better night's sleep? Did
 I feel better because I didn't have a brick of imitation banana in my stomach?
