
   
   
      
         
            Do Cellular Phones Cause Brain Cancer?
            

            Recent news reports out of Britain are giving credence to the theory that
 cellular phone use increases the risk of brain cancer. What are the facts?

            Think of cellular phones as little radio stations, beaming voice and data to
 the telephone network via electromagnetic waves called radiofrequency (RF)
 radiation. Cell phones emit RF radiation with a 800-900 MHz frequency, which is
 close to the 2,450 MHz frequency used by microwave ovens. The 1,000-watt power
 of the average microwave oven, however, is significantly greater than a cell
 phone's 0.6-watt output. Exposure to high levels of RF--many times the amount
 emitted by cell phones--causes biological damage, but the effects of lower
 exposure levels are not well established. Since this radiation penetrates the
 human body, critics theorize that cellular phones could cause physical damage
 to cells--either through heating or another form of energy release.

            Some scientists dispute this hypothesis, arguing that RF energy from
 cellular phones is significantly weaker than the energy occurring naturally in
 the body's cells, and would therefore be unable to physically alter them. They
 also contend that even after long exposure periods, the phones could only cause
 a fraction of a degree increase in cell temperature--well within the body's
 normal range. In the absence of another plausible mechanism by which RF
 radiation could cause damage, they say that cell phones should be presumed
 safe.

            Most RF exposure studies are inconclusive. They either fail to find effects,
 or have produced statistically insignificant findings. Selecting subjects for
 ongoing cellular phone studies is a challenge, since the highly exposed
 population remains relatively small, and many forms of cancer may take years to
 develop. But one recent British study found that RF may cause brain cells to
 react as if they were being heated (though no temperature increase was
 observed), which investigators hypothesized may damage cell function over long
 periods of time.
