
   
   
      
         
            Jim Clark Is No J.P. Morgan
            

            Yes, I guess I'm with you among the damned. I felt distinct relief whenever
 somebody in The New New Thing expressed a measure of skepticism. When
 Clark offers a job at Netscape to Alex Slusky, the young venture capitalist
 assigned to sleep under his bed, Slusky declines, saying, "He was just too
 volatile for me. I couldn't live like that." Robert, the hands-on engineer of
 the computerized yacht, thinks Internet investors are mad, observing that
 Allan, the boat's captain, "just sits there all day thinking about his money.
 But if you ask him what any of these companies do , he has no idea." And
 Stuart Liroff, who made $8.5 million in the Healtheon IPO, says, "History will
 document this as the largest financial bubble in the history of the world
 economy."

            I can't help trying to picture J.P. Morgan in Silicon Valley, and you can
 probably guess what I think he'd think. He spent most of his life trying to
 impose order on the chaos of the emerging American market--partly because the
 United States was still dependent on foreign capital, and European investors
 tended to yank their money out whenever things got too crazy here. As America's
 unofficial central banker, Morgan tried to rein in the excesses of the business
 cycle, stifle speculative manias, control corporate competition, keep the
 currency "sound," and stop panics. But he was also looking for the
 19 th century's new new things. The technological changes he helped
 underwrite transformed that world as dramatically as the Internet is
 transforming ours, though much more slowly. The transatlantic cable and the
 railroads are the most obvious examples, but the Morgan bank also furnished
 early venture capital for Edison and Carnegie--and Morgan later organized GE
 and U.S. Steel. When he bought Carnegie out in 1901 to put together the giant
 U.S. Steel, he paid $480 million--about twelve times earnings. A few weeks
 later he capitalized the new corporation (which included other steel mills,
 railroads, mines, steamships, and ore lands) at $1.
