
   
   
      
         
            Gore and Bradley Debate

            HANOVER, N.H.--Al Gore performed this evening on a
 stage at Dartmouth College. He told jokes, blasted his rival's proposed
 health-care reform proposal as too costly, expressed "disappointment and anger"
 at President Clinton, and kissed up shamelessly to members of the audience.
 Bill Bradley was also present at the event. 

            Gore arrived on stage like some sort of feral animal
 who had been locked in a small cage and fed on nothing but focus groups for
 several days. Upon release, he began to scamper furiously in every direction at
 once. Assuming his stool 20 minutes before showtime, he volunteered to take
 extra questions from the audience. At the end of the hour-long non-debate, he
 promised to stay and answer even more. As of this writing (10:30 p.m.) he's
 still at it, sitting on the edge of the stage with his wife, talking about
 human rights in Africa and offshore oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico with a
 few dozen New Hampshirites. 

            Gore came across as a kind of manic political
 vaudevillian. He oozed empathy from every pore, getting all over every
 questioner like a cheap suit. First he would ask the person about his
 circumstances, his family, or his job, in a desperate effort to bond. Then he
 would respond with an explosion of gesticulation, sympathy, and agreement. At
 the very first question, which referred to "behavior by members of your
 administration," Gore came out with a blast of empathy for emotions the
 questioner never expressed. "I understand the disappointment and anger you feel
 toward President Clinton," he proclaimed. "I felt it myself." In fact, the
 questioner didn't even mention Clinton directly. Not content with the six
 debates Bradley has already agreed to, Gore challenged his opponent to debate
 every week .

            At first, you think: Hey, this new Al Gore's not such a
 stiff after all. Then you think: This new Gore is a bit over the top. By the
 end of an hour, the impression is of someone as desperate as he is unable to
 achieve Clintonian union with his audience.
