
   
   
      
         
            Plucky Code Jockeys and Workplace Rage
            

            Hi Jim:

            The Wall Street Journal's Mayor Pothole profile really was one great
 zinger after another.

            But Mother Jones beats the Journal to the punch in its August
 issue, making very similar points, but with a somewhat more forgiving tone, in
 "Jerry Brown Gets Real." One highlight: When peace activists took over Mayor
 Brown's office to object to the Navy and the U.S. Marines' conducting three and
 a half days of urban warfare training in Oakland, Jerry expressed bafflement:
 "There seems to be serious problems on the left with finding ways to express
 themselves." Oh, those goofy wackos on the left. Why don't they find some
 constructive way to express themselves? Meditation, perhaps?

            But enough about real news, because it's Tuesday, which means it's time to
 play another round of workplace trend-watch with the Wall Street Journal.

            First, on Page 1 in the "Work Week" column, the Journal deadpans that
 humor is both mandated and frowned upon in the workplace: A survey found that
 of 275 employers, 8 percent discourage humor, 8 percent include it in their
 mission or values statements, and 4 percent have hired humor consultants to
 yuck it up. Note to self: Check mission statement before fowarding jokes
 around.

            Another classic of the career trend-watch genre: this week's installment of
 "Managing Your Career" with Hal Lancaster, which introduces us to an
 18-year-old who makes $5,000 a month plus stock options as a code jockey in,
 where else, Silicon Valley. I'm all for extracting lessons from the savvy
 career moves of young guns to teach us old dogs a thing or two. But while this
 article tells us that our talented tyke's precocious success is "partly due to
 his talents and partly due to the abundance of opportunities in high tech
 fields today," we then learn: 1) He's the son of a venture capitalist; 2) he
 had trouble getting a job, until some of the partners at the VC firm dad
 founded hooked him up with Hotmail, one of their portfolio companies; and 3) at
 Hotmail, he struggled to do the job, but by the end of the summer had written
 some code they could actually use.
