
   
   
      
         
            Smoked Again

            The Florida tobacco settlement leads all around. Everybody has the same
 basic details: the top four cigarette manufacturers and the largest seller of
 smokeless tobacco have agreed to pay the state $11.3 billion over 25 years in
 compensation for its previous tobacco-related medical expenditures and to fund
 and/or enact various public health measures, including an anti-smoking campaign
 aimed at children. The companies will also cease most outdoor advertising. And
 everybody notes that the deal could help cement the proposed $368 billion
 national tobacco settlement, although none of the papers gives the most obvious
 explanation for this, namely that at $11 billion a state and climbing, fifty
 separate settlements would be far more expensive.

            Everybody also notes that if approved, the national settlement would
 supersede this deal. But it's the Washington Post that explains that the public health
 aspects of the state agreement would still remain in force. And it's the
 New York Times
 that explains that this agreement will benefit Mississippi, which in June made
 a purely financial settlement with the major tobacco companies, but also
 secured the benefit of any additional public health concessions made in other
 deals with other states. And it's the Times that reveals that, according
 to the deal, the tobacco firms will be paying the plaintiffs' legal fees.

            On the heels of Sunday's NYT magazine cover piece on Wisconsin
 welfare reform comes today's WP front-pager on the same topic. But where
 the Times emphasized the elaborate support system the state has erected,
 the Post , while recognizing that aspect, emphasizes instead Wisconsin's
 tendency to cut people off who've demonstrated the most minimal ability to hold
 a job, regardless of whether they currently have one.

            The Wall Street Journal 's "Work Week" column reveals a new and
 surprisingly lucrative job category: Year 2,000 conversion worker.
