
   
   
      
         
            Caucasian Killers

            The New York
 Times , Washington Post , and USA Today all lead with the 271-156 House vote to
 prohibit doctor-assisted suicide--an American Medical Association-supported
 bill intended to overturn an Oregon law. (Oregon voters have approved the
 suicide measure twice, with majorities of 51 percent and 60 percent.) The bill
 has strong support in the Senate, although the Post says a Democrat is threatening to filibuster. It is unknown
 whether President Clinton would sign it if passed. The Los Angeles Times ' top
 non-local lead is the assassination of eight Armenian politicians--including
 the prime minister--inside the parliament chamber. This story tops the
 Wall Street Journal 's
 "Worldwide" box, off-leads at the Post , goes below-the-fold at the
 NYT (which runs a dramatic video-still of the assassination attempt),
 and gets reefered by USAT .  The NYT off-leads the serious, gentlemanly debate between Al Gore and Bill
 Bradley in New Hampshire, a story fronted by the LAT and reefered
 (with front-page pictures) by USAT and the Post .

            The three Armenian assassins shot Prime Minister Vazgen Sarkisian and much
 of his Cabinet at close range, then took dozens of hostages. The Armenian
 president, Robert Kocharian, negotiated with the terrorists for about 10 hours
 before the gunmen--apparently nationalists angry at the prime minister's
 land-for-peace negotiations with neighboring Azerbaijan--gave themselves up.
 (Islamic Azerbaijan lost control of the mostly Christian territory of
 Nagorno-Karabakh to Armenia earlier this decade.) Sarkisian's murder came just
 an hour after seeing off U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott (a
 sometime 
                  Slate
                contributor), who was mediating the peace
 talks. The Post notes that Armenia is one of the highest per-capita
 recipients of U.S. foreign aid, and the negotiations with Azerbaijan are a
 special project of Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
