
   
   
      
         
            Eine Klein Critique

            

               Kausfiles.com went away for a few
 days, and missed a Joe Klein swoon. This time over Bill Bradley. Actually, it
 was more of a swoonlet; as Klein makes clear in a contribution to

                  Slate
               's Fray,
 he's just really happy with several of the candidates this year, including Bush
 and McCain. (Is he allowed to swoon for more than one at a time? Isn't that
 some sort of antitrust violation?)

            
 Klein's piece is perfectly OK. But one expects a lot of him, since he was once
 (and may again be) the best in the business. So:

            
 1) Why discover Bradley so late? Most of the press told us weeks ago about the
 ex-senator's "artful languor," his "aloof anti-charismatic messianism," his
 emphasis on "substance, not style." You can see Klein's failure to obey the
 media's quasi-menstraul cycle (which dictates that this is a Gore Comeback
 moment) as stubborn, heroic individualism. Or you can say The New
 Yorker seems to think its high-income readers aren't very well
 informed--doctors, maybe, with no time to read the papers--and they can use a
 sort of remedial course on what's been happening in politics over the past
 months. They need a classy analyst to tell them that Bradley has "run an
 extremely effective campaign" but that "The race is about to intensify." Did
 Klein write sentences like that when he was at Newsweek ? I don't remember them. (A third
 theory: Maybe it's New Yorker
 editors who are isolated and not very well-informed.)

            
 2) In the course of mildly hyping Bradley's substance, Klein says Bradley
 proposed an "extremely controversial" solution to each of the problems he has
 tackled, including child poverty. But Bradley's child poverty speech was a
 bunch of sensible incremental proposals that practically everyone
 to the left of the Heritage Foundation's Robert Rector might endorse (and
 Rector might go for some of them).
