
   
   
      
         
            Those Wild 'n' Crazy Supply-Siders
            

            The single-mindedness--OK, fanaticism--of the supply-siders who helped
 orchestrate the Reagan tax cuts of the 1980s never fails to astonish. These
 guys really are today's equivalents of what we used to call vulgar Marxists,
 only instead of explaining everything that happens as a product of the class
 structure, they explain everything that happens as a product of tax rates, and
 they are unwavering in their insistence that the lower taxes are, the better
 everything will be. By this point, they can be fazed neither by
 experience--like the performance of the U.S. economy since the 1993 tax
 hike--nor by theory.

            There's an excellent demonstration of this ability to avoid the real world
 in the latest issue of Business Week , which features two different
 columns on economist Robert Mundell's Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics (which
 our own Paul Krugman recently dissected). The first is by Robert Barro, a conservative economist
 to be sure--and one who has no love of taxes (or of government, for that
 matter), but also someone with a firm grasp on reality. His column is therefore
 a fond tribute to Mundell's work in international macroeconomics, a field he
 practically invented, and to his influence on current thinking about exchange
 rates and monetary policy. This is, as Barro notes, the work for which Mundell
 won the Nobel.

            Now, Mundell also went on to work on--or speculate on--the supply-side
 effects of tax cuts, and this work was obviously important to the Reaganauts.
 But as Barro himself writes, "Whatever the merits of supply-side economics and
 Reaganomics--and I would say there are many--these ideas had nothing to do with
 the work that resulted in a Nobel prize."

            And yet just 15 pages later, in the very same issue, Paul Craig Roberts,
 among the truest of the supply-side cadre's true believers, begins his column
 with these words: "Robert A.
