
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Welcome to hard times. Oh, wait, that was a couple of weeks ago. This week,
 we're looking for diamonds as big as the Ritz, because the Employment Cost
 Index came in below expectations, which means that there's no wage pressure in
 the economy, making it a good time for capital. Of course, the infinite
 regression loop was in full effect today, although no one was following it
 too far out. See, if the ECI was right, then that means that inflation is
 pretty well under control, which helped lower interest rates and spur a lot of
 buying in the stock market. But that makes most sense if the low ECI is enough
 to keep the Federal Reserve from raising interest rates in November. If it's
 not, even if inflation is low, the stock market could be burned. So were we
 judging the ECI's impact on inflation, or on the Fed's feelings about
 inflation?

            I have no idea. All I know is that when I woke up this morning, switched on
 CNBC, and saw the stock market was up big, I knew without being told that the
 ECI was lower than expected. (That's not a sentence that four years ago I could
 even have thought of, let alone imagined writing.) And so everything's good
 again. Until the next big number comes out. On, then, to this week's Cocktail
 Chat.

            1. "The major U.S. oil companies reported earnings this week , and
 although, the Wall Street Journal reported, their bottom lines were
 helped by higher oil prices, they were hurt by gasoline prices, which didn't
 rise as fast. I know there is a logic in there somewhere, but if you're selling
 oil and gasoline, then aren't you buying from yourself? And if you're buying
 from yourself, how can higher oil prices help you ?"

            2. "Shares in Amazon.com were pummeled Thursday after the company
 said it was going to be spending very heavily on marketing in the next quarter
 and that its losses could continue to grow. A number of brokerage houses
 downgraded the company to 'near-term accumulate' or 'hold', although most
 retained their 'long-term buy' ratings.
