
   
   
      
         
            Dial Tomes

            After a lot of consensus lately, the majors go their separate ways today.
 USA
 Today leads with the defection to the U.S. of the North Korean
 ambassador to Egypt. The Washington Post goes with some new details about Al Gore's
 White House phone fund-raising. The New York Times
 leads with a Senate bill that would significantly cut into the legal rights and
 funds of Indian tribes. And the Los Angeles
 Times leads with the governor's proposal for providing health care
 coverage for the children of California's working poor.

            
               USAT reports that the defections of the North Korean ambassador and
 his wife and brother were "daring, synchronized" and that the couple's son
 disappeared from Cairo a year ago and is believed to be in Canada. The
 NYT describes the move as an "intelligence bonanza" for the U.S.,
 pointing out that the ambassador was familiar with his government's sales of
 missiles and other arms to Egypt, Syria and Iran.

            When the WP broke the story earlier this year of Al Gore's White
 House telemarketing, Gore's press conference in response was a salute to
 legalese and flop sweat. No wonder, according to today's Post , which,
 based on documents possessed by Senate investigators, reveals that between
 November 1995 and May 1996, Gore spoke to at least 46 people from his White
 House office to solicit individual contributions to the DNC of between $25,000
 and $100,000. The 46 contributed almost $3.7 million in unregulated "soft
 money."

            According to the Post , some wrongs have already been set right in the
 matter: The DNC has agreed to reimburse the U.S. Treasury for $24.20 worth of
 calls that Gore apparently made but which do not appear on his credit card
 records.

            The NYT lead covers a conflict between Washington State's Sen. Slade
 Gorton and Native Americans over two riders Gorton got attached to a federal
 spending bill (full of provisions favored by the Clinton administration) that
 would strip tribes of their current immunity from most lawsuits and would also
 subject federal aid to tribes to means-testing.
