
   
   
      
         
            The Yent-a-Matic Speaks!

            
               An occasional feature in which kausfiles.com suggests romantic
 possibilities between public figures who may or may not know each other. This
 one is so . . . well, inevitable, it just might work!:
            

            
               Robert Torricelli --single (divorced) Democratic U.S. senator from New
 Jersey who has been linked to a series of glamorous women (e.g. Bianca Jagger;
 Patricia Duff Medavoy Perelman)

            
               and
            

            
               Arianna Huffington-- glamorous woman writer and social climber who
 divorced failed California Republican U.S. Senate candidate Michael
 Huffington.

            Notes: Arianna --OK, he may be a bit conservative for you in your
 current bleeding-heart incarnation, but he's got what you want: a seat in the
 Senate. You've put up with worse! You'll be back in Beltway dinner
 party/talk-show heaven! Tip: Don't call him "The Torch" to his face.
 Bob-- True, there's that cult business in her background, but she's
 handsome, charming, and funny, and she's got what you want: a knack for
 attracting press! Play up her right-wing connections and you can spin it as a
 Romeo-Juliet/Carville-Matalin thing. Tip: You'll eventually have to do
 something about her Greek mama ("Yaya") hanging around all the time, but better
 be nice to her for now.

            
               Beltway Gossip Dump: Washington politicos think the death of Rhode
 Island Senator John Chafee means that: a) as has been reported, the
 Republican governor of Rhode Island will appoint Chafee's son, Lincoln--who was
 already running for the Senate seat from which his father was retiring--to
 serve the remainder of his father's term; b) as only kausfiles
 will tell you, Rep. Robert Weygand, a Rhode Island Democrat, will decide to
 stand for reelection to the House rather than run against Lincoln Chafee for
 the Senate, since the younger Chafee will be much tougher to beat as an
 incumbent, even an appointed one; c) with Weygand staying put, the
 Democrats will have to worry about only four open House seats in November 2000,
 while the Republican open seat total (counting resignations expected in the
 next month) will soon go up to about 20; d) but Chafee's Rhode Island
 Senate seat, which Democrats thought they might capture, is now in the
 probable-Republican column.
