
   
   
      
         
            Pat's Last Stand
            

            Issue 1 is the presidential debates--both Democratic and Republican. Issue 2
 is Pat Buchanan's jump to the Reform Party.

            Many pundits think Bradley won the Democratic debate in New Hampshire. Gore,
 once too stiff, is now trying too hard to loosen up. Gore is the "Eddie Haskell
 energizer bunny" while Bradley has the "insouciance of Dean Martin and the
 iciness of John Malkovich," says Margaret Carlson (CNN's Capital Gang ). Kate O'Beirne ( Capital Gang ) thinks
 Bradley's ideological similarity to Gore helps him, because the voters will
 focus on personal style rather than policy. Fox News Sunday 's Juan Williams and Brit Hume think Gore's
 attempts to distance himself from President Clinton's "behavior" are
 hypocritical, given his loyalty as vice president--especially during the
 impeachment. Wayne Slater, of NBC's Meet the
 Press , reveals that the Bush camp is privately more worried about
 facing Bradley than Gore in a general election. But on ABC's This Week , Gore appears relaxed and amiable. And on Meet
 the Press , Bradley supporter Bob Kerry admits that he doesn't know if
 Bradley's health-care numbers add up and says that neither candidate has been
 intellectually honest about Social Security and Medicare reform.

            Some pundits--such as Tony Blankley and Lawrence O'Donnell (PBS's
 McLaughlin
 Group )--think Bush was smart to stay out of the GOP debate. But
 many--some of them conservative, like Bill Kristol ( This Week ) and Bob
 Novak ( Capital Gang )--think Bush hurt himself by not engaging his
 rivals and may lose the New Hampshire primary. Bush's absence helped McCain
 especially, say Al Hunt ( Capital Gang ) and Eleanor Clift
 ( McLaughlin ), since he is the only other GOP candidate whom voters can
 imagine being president. Meanwhile, on Meet the Press , Wayne Slater
 says the Bush camp has ruled out McCain and Dole as running mates.

            Most pundits think Buchanan has a good shot at the Reform Party nomination,
 but not the presidency.
