
   
   
      
         
            Indictment du Jour

            The Mike Espy indictment leads at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post , and the New York Times .
 At the Los
 Angeles Times , it's a California Supreme Court decision holding that
 employees who are discriminated against on the basis of age have the same legal
 rights as victims of race and gender bias. (Given the nation's rising median
 age and California's trend-setting status, this means stand by for lots of
 ageism suits.)

            The 39-count indictment handed down against Espy charged that the former
 Clinton Secretary of Agriculture solicited and received more than $35,000 in
 gifts, trips, game tickets and other gratuities from seven companies doing
 business with Agriculture. USAT points out that regardless of the
 outcome, this is political death for a man once thought to be destined to be
 Mississippi's first black governor.

            Everybody reports that the charges come after a three-year, $9 million
 investigation by a special prosecutor. But the WP makes the point that
 this prosecutor has also collected $4.5 million in criminal fines from other
 subjects of his investigation. The NYT story covers much the same ground
 as the others, but breaks out with its observation that the indictments mean
 that Espy is "the highest-ranking member of the Clinton administration to be
 charged with a crime." Also, Espy can't have enjoyed reading in the
 Times that Don Tyson, the former CEO of one of the companies Espy is
 accused of receiving an illegal gift from, Tyson Foods, "has been talking to
 investigators in exchange for immunity.and he may be called to testify at
 Espy's trial."

            The LAT reports on its front page that federal authorities in New
 York have charged three people and the news bulletin service they work for, an
 outfit called Breaking News Network, with mail fraud, conspiracy and electronic
 privacy violations in connection with the interception of pagers' display
 messages.
