
   
   
      
         
            Britannica Burned by the Web (for Now)
            

            Encyclopedia Britannica was the definitive old-economy media company. It was
 ponderous, authoritative, and dedicated to the proposition that the world was
 changing slowly enough that giant tomes were the perfect vehicle for
 communicating information about it. And Britannica's experiences with new
 technologies, beginning with the CD-ROM and then extending to the Internet,
 have done nothing to dispel its old-economy image. The problem is that now
 Britannica is trying to play in the new economy. At every turn, Britannica has
 reacted slowly, incompletely, and in almost blissful ignorance of the economics
 of the Web.

            But what's important about Britannica's most recent screw-up--it opened its
 revamped Web site for business two weeks ago and then immediately shut it down
 because the sheer volume of traffic crashed the site--is not just that it shows
 how ill-equipped to deal with the Internet most big companies remain. It also
 shows that Britannica's reputation carries enormous weight in the online world.
 The site crashed, after all, because tens of millions of people tried to access
 the encyclopedia online. And that has interesting implications for the way we
 think about offline brands and their extension onto the Internet.

            First, though, the bad news. Britannica's performance in the 1990s has been
 an object lesson in what not to do. Because the company thought its brand name
 was irresistible, it brushed off the challenge posed by Microsoft's Encarta
 CD-ROM encyclopedia, and when it first introduced the CD-ROM version of its own
 encyclopedia, it priced it so high that Encarta was essentially handed the
 market. There are now millions of people who use CD-ROM encyclopedias, and
 almost none of them have bought Britannica in book form.

            You could argue that those are customers Britannica couldn't have pursued
 without endangering its core franchise.
