
   
   
      
         
            Veep Veep Beta Veep

            All the papers except the New York Times lead with the recovery of a large piece of
 wreckage from EgyptAir flight 990 and the discovery of an electronic beacon
 possibly emitted by its cockpit voice or data recorder (this story also tops
 the Wall Street
 Journal 's "Worldwide" box).  The NYT fronts this story but leads with a federal judge's order to New York Mayor Rudolph
 Giuliani to restore funding to the Brooklyn Museum, a story fronted by the
 Los Angeles
 Times . Citing First Amendment violations, the judge issued a temporary
 injunction against the city, which said it will appeal and also fight the
 museum's efforts to make the injunction permanent.

 Many air crash stories are filled with airy nothings. "The large questions ...
 remained unanswered," the NYT informs us. "Like many aspects of the early investigation,
 numerous facts begged for interpretation and elaboration ... but no immediate
 conclusions were forthcoming from officials. ... In an inquiry that will
 undoubtedly produce many leads, an intriguing one surfaced Monday" about a
 possible suitcase tampering. But two paragraphs later, the Times notes
 that officials "were not attaching much significance to the lead." The
 Journal does note that the Boeing 767 has an excellent safety
 record.

            The NYT off-leads the behind-the-scenes maneuvering by the Clinton
 administration to admit China into the World Trade Organization by Nov. 30,
 when President Clinton hosts a world trade meeting in Seattle. Clinton walked
 away from a similar deal in April but restarted negotiations with a call to
 Chinese Prime Minister Jiang Zemin "late on the night of October 16." The
 "secret exchanges" since then are intended to consummate 16 years of American
 efforts to include China in GATT and its successor, the WTO (which sets the
 terms for world trade). The Washington Post fronts a story chronicling the preparations
 of the tens of thousands of WTO critics expected to protest in Seattle.
