
   
   
      
         
            Burying the Lead

            At USA
 Today the top story is that some safety experts are concerned that a
 new soon-to-be-mandatory emissions control device could start fires in crashes.
 At the New York Times
 the lead is that California's ban on public program racial preferences goes
 into effect, and it's accompanied by a big picture of a protest march organized
 by Jesse Jackson proceeding across the Golden Gate Bridge. At the Washington Post it's that many top jobs in the Clinton
 administration remain unfilled. And the Los Angeles
 Times leads with developments in Bosnia.

            A cardinal sin of news reporting is downplaying the real news of a
 story--this is known as "burying the lead" and once upon a time it was
 considered an even bigger disaster for a journalist than having a kid not get
 into Sidwell Friends. But today not one, but two papers do it, and with the
 same story, no less. The LAT 's lead is that senior U.S. officials
 including former special envoy for Bosnia, Richard Holbrooke, have supported
 using NATO troops to defend the president of Bosnia's Serb republic, Biljana
 Plavsic, if hard-liners tried to overthrow her. Then the piece goes on to say
 that NATO forces have helped Plavsic consolidate her control over her country's
 police and broadcast media and that Thursday, while continuing to conduct that
 campaign, they got into a violent confrontation with Bosnian Serb
 demonstrators. But the story delays the news that two U.S. soldiers were
 wounded in the melee until after the "jump"--the continuation of the story on
 an inside page. But wait!--there is another Bosnia story on the LAT
 front, near the lead, in column six, just a little lower down. Yet its
 headline, "US Soldiers Clash with Irate Bosnian Serbs," doesn't mention the
 U.S. casualties, and the piece itself doesn't get to them until the third
 paragraph. The WP downplays the casualties as well, running its Bosnia
 story at the bottom of the front page, omitting mention of them in its
 headline--"Bosnian Serb's Backers Stone American Troops"--and not getting to
 them in the piece until the seventh paragraph.
