
   
   
      
         
            Day Trading Is for Suckers
            

            In the wake of last week's shootings at two day trading firms in Atlanta, a
 spokesman for one of the companies said that these firms did a good job of
 warning prospective clients of the risks day trading entails and added that if
 clients followed the rules the company laid out, day trading was both easy and
 profitable. Now, easy it may be, although spending six and a half hours staring
 at a computer screen isn't my idea of fun. (Which makes you wonder why I'm a
 writer.) But profitable day trading certainly isn't, and the current mania for
 it is less a reflection of the moneymaking opportunities it offers than of the
 allure of easy credit and the seemingly unstoppable conviction of all gamblers
 that the house can be beaten.

            The numbers are by this point well known, but they're no less staggering for
 all that. Most estimates suggest that 80 to 90 percent of all day traders lose
 money. And that's in absolute terms: These people leave their day trading
 careers with less money than they had when they started. Those statistics say
 nothing about how many day traders lose money in relative terms, which is to
 say underperform the S&P 500. (If you do worse than an index fund, you're
 effectively losing money, because you can invest in an index fund with no labor
 or opportunity cost at all.) It's probably safe to say that less than 5 percent
 of day traders are successful, even without considering the opportunity cost of
 all the time and energy they have to put into their trading.

            This is not, needless to say, surprising. Day trading is predicated on a
 fundamental misconception about the nature of stock prices, namely that they
 are somehow persistent and predictable. Now, some interesting academic studies
 in recent years have called into question the idea that stock prices move only
 in a pure random walk (i.e., they're as likely to go up as go down at any one
 moment).
