
   
   
      
         
            What Fools These Mortals Be
            

            Dear Lisa,

            Back for more! It's always fun to share favorite authors. Someone once said
 that the world could be divided into two categories--those who laughed at the
 Three Stooges and those who wondered why. Not to stretch the Dawn/Curly analogy
 too far, but you know what I mean.

            As for my editing process, I've messed with the letters somewhat less than I
 did with the diaries, for the simple reason that Dawn had already edited the
 letters before she sent them out. With the diaries, she was writing solely for
 herself (at least in theory) and sometimes became a little sloppy or redundant,
 as we will in purely personal jottings or first drafts. Since I already felt a
 little uncomfortable publishing the diaries--I'd never want that done to me!--I
 thought it important to tidy her up here and there. (All of the words in the
 published Diaries are Dawn's own, but some of the external structures
 are mine.)

            With the letters, I've trimmed them and occasionally deleted passages and
 names, but otherwise they're pretty much as she wrote them. Although it's a
 "reading edition," from the start I've always tried to be a Powell purist. As
 you know, when the marvelous Steerforth press brought out one of Dawn's genuine
 masterpieces, originally released as The Tenth Moon , I asked them to
 call it Come Back to Sorrento , for that was Powell's title--and we know
 from her diaries that she was furious about the name her publishers had
 inflicted on her. Moreover, I've asked Steerforth not to reissue Whither
 (1925), which was the first novel that she published. It's not quite as bad as
 she thought it was, but since she spent the rest of her life buying up any copy
 she found and destroying it and never mentioned it in any lists of her work, I
 think it ought to rest in peace, don't you?

            John Howard Lawson (1894-1977) was a gifted and original playwright.
 Unfortunately, he was also a philanderer--what they used to call a "ladies
 man"--as well as a rigid Stalinist.
