
   
   
      
         
            Dawn of an Icon?
            

            Dear Tim,

            You're right. There is not A Dawn for All Seasons. If
 novels were furniture, I would not try to sell her to people who insist on
 Mission, or Shaker. To some, her work will feel too busy and gewgawed-up. A
 smart reader I know snarled, "Her stuff feels so dated." I didn't even bother
 to rush to the defense. (By the way, that was one of my favorite letters--the
 one where Powell complains about the challenge of working with timely material.
 "When I started that book the hero could get a telephone call for a nickel ...
 I would read over a chapter and think of my vast teenage reading public saying,
 'What's a nickel, mommy?'")

            Part of me, I admit, doesn't want to share her. It's
 like having a newspaper broadcast the address of your favorite quiet little
 restaurant. Hard not to wince at the notion of belonging to a Dawn cult.

            The novelist Tom Mallon, who has written a book on
 diaries and is working on a book about letters, e-mailed me: "I like Dawn
 Powell, though she's now one of those writers in the curious position of being
 known more for her life than her work. I've read or browsed more of the letters
 and diaries and biography than I have her books. As Paul Bowles is supposed to
 have said about his rediscovery as an old man: 'It's too much too late.'" The
 Bowles analogy is an interesting one. He was hipper than the hippies who
 embraced him, and the charm is that he got there first. Similarly, Powell seems
 to have understood things about the culture--about ambition, about sexual
 politics--ahead of her time.

            I have mixed feelings about a writer's becoming
 iconographic in this way. My first reaction is to fear it's the death of a
 writer once he's in a position to do his own Gap ads (what product does John
 Irving model: Rolexes?). On the other hand, maybe it's a good thing, if it
 eventually leads people to the work.
