
   
   
      
         
            Compassionate Pessimism
            

            Dear Lisa--

            I think it is silly to think of a backlash against a woman who has, to date,
 sold no more than 25,000 copies of any of her books. There are a lot of better
 things to put energy into than chopping down the work of a writer who worked at
 the trade honorably and industriously for 50-odd years without getting any of
 the recognition many of us believe she richly deserved. Why don't her supposed
 detractors go beat up on Disney for a while?

            My attitude toward any backlash is that those of us who love Powell have her
 now--some 15 books in print--and those who don't can simply avoid her, the way,
 say, that I avoid Allen Ginsberg and Walt Whitman. I know people who are deeply
 moved by both of these writers--and more power to them--but they're simply not
 for me. Different strokes and all that. The world is full of a number of things
 ...

            My own obscure favorites include the first books of Honor Tracy (Irish-born
 satirist who makes Evelyn Waugh's work taste like the milk of human kindness),
 the dark early writing of Sigrid Undset (before her religious conversion, which
 radically changed her style), and the best novels of manners by John
 Marquand--all of which are largely unknown to contemporary readers
 (particularly young ones). Who else has created such a splendid "unreliable
 narrator" as Horatio Willing, the pompous ass who "narrates" Marquand's The
 Late George Apley ?

            I enjoy literary biography but don't think that it is essential to enjoyment
 of the work. Gustav Mahler gave titles to every movement in his 100-minute
 Symphony No. 3, then took them all out, saying that no work of art was any good
 unless it could stand on its own. I suppose that is true--although I confess an
 occasional difficulty with important artists whose personalities repel me.
 (Rousseau and Brecht will do for starters; for me, they reek of
 totalitarianism.
