
   
   
      
         
            The L.A. Times Baffling Economics

            Yet another staff petition is circulating at the Los Angeles Times
 concerning publisher Kathryn Downing's idiotic decision to share advertising
 revenue from the special issue of the Times Sunday magazine about Los
 Angeles' new Staples Center arena with ... the Staples Center. (This novel
 arrangement was made known a couple of weeks ago by New Times L.A. ) An earlier staff petition protested the
 arrangement as a violation of journalistic ethics, and last week prompted from
 Downing 1) a bizarre apology in which she admitted she didn't know much about
 how newspapers work; and 2) a refusal to resign.

            The new petition, dated Nov. 2 and addressed to L.A. Times editor
 Michael Parks (who has said he didn't know of the financial relationship and
 does not approve of it), urges Parks to publish a lengthy investigation in the
 paper of how the Staples fiasco occurred:

            

               
                  One of the most important steps the Times can take is to publish
 in its own pages a thorough examination of the events that led to the Staples
 deal. The Times owes nothing less to its readers and to its
 staff.
               

               Others have written about the Staples controversy and will continue to do
 so. We need to do the definitive piece and do it first--not have it dribble out
 in other places.

            

            The petition cites as the main precedent for such an investigation Donald
 Barlett and James Steele's Philadelphia Inquirer investigation of Laura
 Foreman in the late 1970s. (Foreman was a political writer at the
 Inquirer who had an affair with a local pol while covering local
 politics for the paper.) The Times petition is signed by many important
 people at the paper, including city editor Bill Boyarsky, Washington bureau
 chief Doyle McManus, and such prominent L.A. Times writers and reporters
 as Kenneth Turan, Howard Rosenberg, Bob Drogin, and Sam Fulwood.
