
   
   
      
         
            Twilight of the Tax-Cutters
            

            No one has told the Wall Street Journal editorial writers, to be
 sure, but pushing for tax cuts has become the political equivalent of flogging
 that proverbial dead horse. Congressional Republicans watched their proposed
 $793 billion tax cut disappear from sight without much of a fight. Steve Forbes
 is the only presidential candidate still banging the flat-tax drum, and even he
 has reinvented himself as a social conservative. Earlier this summer, Alan
 Greenspan notoriously--at least for those on the right--said he'd rather see a
 budget surplus go toward paying down the debt than toward a major tax cut. And
 most polls show that the American public ranks lower taxes low on the totem
 pole of priorities for the government.

            It's true that if you frame poll questions about taxes differently, you get
 different responses. Greenspan did say he would prefer a tax cut to more
 government spending, and it's safe to assume that the Republican Party platform
 in 2000 will call for a significant tax cut. But that call sounds increasingly
 hollow, at least from an intellectual perspective, and the reason is not just
 that bringing the budget into balance (via, in no small part, the 1993 tax
 increase) has proved to have pleasant side effects for the economy. Even more
 important is the fact that much of the Reaganite case for tax cutting depended
 on the harsh reality of life in an inflationary economy.

            Supply-siders have now become among the most ardent advocates of the idea
 that inflation is dead, and that therefore the economy can safely grow much
 faster than it has in the past. But they don't appear to have considered what
 the death of inflation might mean for their tax-cutting fervor.

            In Wealth and Poverty , for instance, George Gilder made the impact of
 inflation central to his emphasis on tax-cutting. Effectively calling for an
 end to the capital-gains tax, he wrote, "With a rate of inflation over 8
 percent, a 20 percent tax on capital gains quickly rises above 100 percent in
 its average impact on assets held more than a few years.
