
   
   
      
         
            All Diana

            Today, it's pretty much all Diana, all the time. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with the news that Diana's driver had "three times the
 lawful level of alcohol in his blood" as he raced through the streets of Paris
 "at 110 mph." USA Today runs a four-column headline--"DIANA'S DRIVER
 LEGALLY DRUNK"--across its top front, and gives the whole rest of its 1A over
 to various Di-gressions: not just the drinking and the speeding, but also the
 funeral plans, a Prince William profile and a detail about the driver it
 credits to the Times of London , reporting that just before speeding away
 from the Ritz he taunted photographers by telling them "Catch me if you
 can."

            The Washington Post also has a lot on the drunk driving angle,
 but quotes Dodi Fayed's father's lawyer as insisting that the revelation
 "changes absolutely nothing" and that it was an "ambience of harassment" of
 Diana and Dodi Fayed by the photographers that was the key. But the
 Post , alone among the majors, also manages to find room for a story that
 might reasonably be thought equally important: that several hundred Bosnian
 Serbs attacked nearly 300 heavily armed U.S. troops yesterday.

            There being no obvious business angle to the Diana story, the Wall Street Journal contents itself with a long-front page
 feature answering a question no one is asking: Could the accident give rise to
 any legal proceedings that would be "OJ II?" The answer, says the
 Journal , is no.

            The New York Times
 tries to rise above the vulgus by giving its lead space to a piece about the
 coming session of Congress. Mistake! First of all, the Congress piece is
 virtually news-free: it's conjecture, after all, about what may happen there
 between now and January, and secondly, some of the material in the three
 Diana-related front-page articles is really good. There's the director of a
 photo agency saying, "Holding the photographers responsible when the cause was
 clearly excessive speed is absurd.
