
   
   
      
         
            George W., Folklorist

            George W. Bush gave a speech on Nov. 2 advocating "moral education." Chatterbox agrees
 that "values" should play a larger role in educating children, which is why he
 supports well-regulated programs requiring high-school kids to perform
 volunteer service of some kind. A danger of injecting "values" more fully into
 school curricula, however, is that if it isn't done thoughtfully, it will end
 up presenting certain pious and erroneous sentiments as fact. This is an
 oft-noted weakness of some of the liberal "values" teaching that already goes
 on in schools--a lot of silly misinformation about the environment and ancient
 African civilizations, for example, routinely ends up being passed along by
 bumfuzzled
 elementary-school teachers. This drives conservatives (and even many liberals)
 batty. Increasingly, something similar seems to be happening when
 "conservative" values (like a literal belief in the Bible) get taught at the
 expense of evolutionary science. If moral lessons are to be taught more
 forthrightly in schools, it's important that the distinction between knowledge
 and folklore be maintained.

            In his speech, though, Bush himself seems to have stumbled over that
 distinction. In a litany of examples in which teen-agers have shown "character
 and courage beyond measure," Bush cited the following:

            

               
                  When a gun is aimed at a seventeen-year-old in Colorado--and she is shot
 for refusing to betray her Lord.
               

            

            This refers to Cassie Bernall, one of the teen-agers shot by their
 classmates Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris at last April's Columbine High School
 massacre. Shortly after the shooting, the horrifying story spread that before
 she was shot, one of the two killers asked her if she believed in God. She said
 yes, and the gun was fired. The anecdote became the basis for cover stories in
 the Weekly Standard and Christianity Today and for a best-selling
 book, She Said Yes: The Unlikely Martyrdom of Cassie
 Bernall , written by Cassie's mother, Misty Bernall.
