
   
   
      
         
            Worst of the Los Angeles Times
            

            I love that story! Especially how that one LI town went Democrat for the
 first time since 1910! Ah, local politics ...

            But for sheer, holiday-spirit drama, you just can't beat The Otis Chandler
 Story today. I was practically weeping--weeping, I tell you--when I read the
 excerpt from the letter the former, great publisher of the Los Angeles
 Times wrote, castigating Mark H. Willes, chairman and chief executive of
 Times Mirror Co., and company for the sheer, unmitigated crap (my paraphrasing
 here) the ex-cereal magnate has been pulling since he took over the now hapless
 paper. The letter was read aloud to a cheering L.A. Times newsroom on
 Wednesday, and I like to imagine Willes cowering in his office seriously
 stroking his greased mustaches à la Snidely Whiplash. (Note: Willes does not,
 as far as I know, have a mustache; this is how my brain works, as you
 know.)

            In any event, for those of you not following along at home, Chandler was a
 lion of American journalism who during his 20-year tenure remade the
 Times from a local paper to one of the four important newspapers every
 thinking human ought to read every day (quick: Name the other three!). Sadly,
 he was forced to retire from the board of directors of Times Mirror Co. last
 year when he turned 70. And even sadder, he was the last thing that stood
 between the paper and calamity. The Times has steadily lost its place
 among the great rags, thanks mainly to the laughingstock way in which it has
 has been "reinvented." How?

            Let Chandler summarize:

            

               I am well aware of the ill-advised steps that have been taken by the current
 management ... such as the unrealistic and impossible goal of adding a million
 circulation, which was announced when Mr. Willes came in. Many of these new
 marketing programs that were first announced by Mr. Willes have been tried and
 appear to be unsuccessful.
