
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Another nice week in the markets, especially the bond market, which rallied
 strongly after a series of economic data suggesting that inflation, if not
 dead, was at least still mild. The stock market was also helped by yet another
 speech by Alan Greenspan, who talked about how rising house prices provided a
 more consistent impetus to consumer spending than rising stock prices. The
 broadcast version of Greenspan's speech looked like it was coming off the Web,
 giving him the disconcerting appearance of the leader of a strange cult sitting
 at a small desk in a crowded room. But I may have been the only one who thought
 this.

            In any case, it has been a powerful rally for the stock market in the past
 week and a half, and all the talk now is of a revived bull market. But it still
 all seems a bit odd, since the purported bear market lasted only a few weeks,
 and was founded on nothing more than overwrought concerns about inflation and a
 sudden advent of panic about Y2K. If you blinked, you missed the whole thing.
 Which, from an investing perspective, means you should blink as often as you
 can. And so, on to the Chat.

            1. "The Justice Department recommended that Bell Atlantic's application
 to offer long-distance service to its local customers be denied, saying the
 company had come close to opening its local networks sufficiently to
 competitors, but that its efforts fell just short . An initial draft of
 the memo was reportedly titled 'Only In Horseshoes and Hand Grenades.' "

            2. "According to The New Yorker , Republican presidential candidate
 Steve Forbes believes that commodity prices have been depressed because
 'when the Fed tightened up the money supply people who needed to raise cash did
 so by selling commodities .' Can't you just hear it? 'Paw, the fed funds
 rate just jumped again. Better go get some more corn out of the silo to dump on
 the market.' "

            3.
