
   
   
      
         
            Making Money at the U.S. Mint
            

            The U.S. Mint just released another new quarter and announced plans for a
 new dollar coin in early 2000. Both ventures are anticipated to be highly
 profitable for the Mint. Why all the new coins? And how does the U.S. Mint make
 money?

            In 1997, Congress passed the Commemorative Coin Program Act, which mandated
 that each of the 50 states be honored with a new quarter over 10 years
 (1999-2008). New quarters, with George Washington on the front and a state
 design on the back, are being released every 10 weeks in the order that the
 states ratified the Constitution (click here for the
 release dates). The new $1 coin will honor Lewis and Clark's Native American
 guide, Sacagawea (click here for the Washington Post article on how the U.S. Mint
 plans to make the Sacagawea dollar more successful than its predecessor, the
 Susan B. Anthony coin).

            In passing the law, Congress cited the coins' educational value, saying the
 new quarters would "promote the diffusion of knowledge among the youth of the
 United States about the individual states." Collectors also lobbied for the
 change, since U.S. coin design had changed little in 50 years. But the major
 advantage was the potential profit.

            The U.S. Mint is in a good business: It can cut and stamp a piece of metal
 and sell it for the face value of the coin. A quarter, for example, costs the
 Mint five cents to make, but sells for 25 cents--an 80 percent profit margin.
 These profits, called "seigniorage," go into the government's general fund and
 are budgeted by Congress just like tax revenue. (Old coins can also be
 exchanged for new ones, but this accounts for only a small portion of the coins
 manufactured each year.)

            Although Economics 101 teaches us that the Federal Reserve Bank uses "money
 supply" as a tool to stimulate the economy and control inflation, this does not
 mean that the Fed regulates the supply of bills and coins.
