
   
   
      
         
            Off the Marx
            

            Dear Jim,

            Daniel Bell spends such an extended amount of time writing about Marx, that
 it's hard to discuss this book without making reference to Marxism. Perhaps in
 some trendy way--much as Nike revived Che Guevara with a swoosh instead of a
 star on his beret--Marx will be back in vogue sometime in the '00s. Hip-hop
 information workers will discourse on Karl during MTV's Road Rules .
 We'll have a Marxist analysis of banner-ad "click throughs," and tomes on the
 five-year plan for the collectivization of Windows 2001.

            I find it difficult to discuss Marx today, because it's so hard to make
 sense of him in the context of our time. Let's take a look at some of the more
 super-capitalist structures: the use of stock options to "incentivize" workers.
 As workers, like, err, Microsoft employees for instance, get vested with
 options (convertible to stock), or get to buy stock at a discounted rate
 (typically 15 percent of that day's market price), it's hard to say where the
 "capitalist class" ends and the "proletariat" begins. The tension between the
 haves and the have-nots is supposed to destabilize the system, leading to--in
 Marx's view--a revolution of the proletariat. Bell examines this question, but
 phrases it in terms of "envy," writing, "Democracy is by nature contentious
 because men constantly covet what other men have ... the result is often--in
 Nietzsche's term--ressentiment or envy, anger, and hatred towards those
 at the top." What then to make of Newsweek's recent cover story, with a
 tag line (paraphrasing) "Everyone is getting rich, except for me!" accompanying
 a Roy Lichtenstein-esque caricature of a 1950s businessman with furrowed
 brow?

            The cover--a reference to the omnipresent Internet/Nasdaq slow-mo capitalist
 money shot that's lasted four years--doesn't hint at any sort of destabilizing
 class conflict, but rather phrases it in terms of envy alone.
