
   
   
      
         
            Di-versity

            Di still dominates, but other stories get their due. For instance, the
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with yesterday's 257-point gain on Wall St, and the
 New York Times
 goes with a piece about how private hospitals, with the advent of managed care
 and lower doctor's fees, are now courting Medicaid patients because of the
 guaranteed government dollars they represent, while shunning uninsured patients
 more than ever. The nightmare scenario, says the piece, is that "desirable"
 patients will altogether abandon public hospitals, with the "desirable" doctors
 following suit. (The Times 's decision to lead with a trend piece--that
 is, a piece that could have run just as well a month from now--suggests a deep
 desire not to wallow in Diana. Evidently, this desire is not universal at the
 paper, however; for the second day in a row, the op-ed page runs three
 Diana screeds.)

            
               USA
 Today leads with the latest news in the death of the princess--the
 decision by French authorities to investigate six photographers to see if they
 committed involuntary homicide or violated France's Good Samaritan law, and the
 revelation that a new round of toxicology revealed that Diana's driver was even
 more alcohol-impaired than originally reported. The LAT , NYT and
 Washington Post also give prominent front-page space
 to these developments.

            
               USAT also reports that Hillary Clinton will attend the funeral
 service and that Di's oldest son Prince William is insisting on walking behind
 his mother's coffin in the ceremony. The following passage from the WP
 about the photographers under investigation shows the meta-levels the story has
 now ascended to: "As they were released and their handcuffs removed, the
 suspects slipped out side entrances to the huge courthouse building, avoiding
 the waiting banks of television and still cameras. French photographers said
 they would not have taken pictures of them anyway, out of 'solidarity.
