
   
   
      
         
            Microsoft's Macrodrama

            The Washington Post 's lead reports that local HMOs are planning
 to dramatically hike Medicare recipients' co-payments and premiums. Tens of
 thousands of elderly will be impacted. The New York Times leads with Gov. George
 Pataki's decision to impose vehicle emission standards that are stricter than
 federal requirements. The new statewide standards, which will be phased in
 beginning with the 2004 model year, would require automakers to halve the
 amount of pollution emitted by the cars that are currently being manufactured.
 California has promulgated identical standards and Massachusetts is expected to
 follow the megastates' lead. The concerted actions will encourage manufacturers
 to produce vehicles which satisfy the strictest state requirements.

            All papers devote front-page space to analyzing the impact of the Microsoft
 antitrust trial's findings of fact. Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found that
 Microsoft was a bullying monopolist whose business tactics hurt consumers and
 suppressed innovation. (Consult 
                  Slate
               's 
 MSDispatches for a colorful bow-by-blow of the trial.) The Los Angeles
 Times lead claims that the findings will compound problems that are
 already eroding Microsoft's dominance of the software industry, including: the
 defection of top talent; the emergence of new computing platforms; and the
 evolution of Web-based applications.

            In a front-page analysis, the Post agrees that "Microsoft seems
 vulnerable," noting that Windows 2000 is two years behind schedule. But the
 WP argues that with $19 billion in cash, the software giant (which
 publishes 
                  Slate
               ) should be able to adapt to
 technological shifts. Another Post piece explores the legal aftermath of
 Friday's findings. Before the judge renders his verdict, both sides will submit
 briefs on how antitrust law should apply to the facts. Microsoft might appeal,
 and the next president could order the Justice Department to abandon the
 case.
