
   
   
      
         
            The Winnable War
            

            Hi, Jim,

            Maybe the sting is finally out of the Vietnam War debate. Your comments were
 so reasonable, it's hard to believe the subject was Vietnam. When I look back
 now at the Vietnam era and recall what people (including me) thought and said,
 I think a dark cloud must have passed over the country. Passions were so great
 on both sides of the debate in the United States--I was antiwar at the
 time--that few people have honestly reconsidered their views or taken a fresh
 look at the war and its results.

            With all the Vietnam books pouring out, I'd been looking for months for a
 revisionist take, one that didn't accept either of the liberal explanations
 (the United States missed opportunities for a settlement; the war was
 unwinnable) or the conservative one (politicians tied the hands of the
 military). But serious Vietnam revisionism barely existed--until Michael Lind's
 book came along. I know Mike, but only slightly, and I haven't read any of his
 earlier books. I was excited when I read Vietnam: The Necessary War , and
 I think it's an enormously important book.

            Let me start with three points:

            1) Yes, I basically agree with your characterization of the theme of the
 book. And I agree with Lind that even an ultimately unsuccessful intervention
 was better than none at all. I'm not the first to make the point that Asia
 would probably be quite different today (and far worse off) if the United
 States had pulled out in, say, 1963 or 1964. Then, the dominoes might really
 have fallen; two did anyway (Laos and Cambodia). Peter Kann of the Wall
 Street Journal has written that a breathing spell was needed in Asia to
 allow free markets and political freedoms to grow. And, boy, did they grow
 during that 10-year period from 1965 to 1975 while the United States staved off
 the North Vietnamese. Would Thailand be a free country today absent that? I
 doubt it.
