
   
   
      
         
            The Justice Department's Blunt Instrument
            

            It's just an odd coincidence, but there did seem to be something telling
 about the "What's News" section on the front page of today's Wall Street
 Journal, which listed as its first item the findings of fact in the
 Microsoft antitrust trial and as its second Pfizer's $74 billion hostile bid
 for Warner-Lambert. (Pfizer is attempting to muscle out American Home Products,
 which wants to have a friendly merger with Warner-Lambert.)

            The first item describes the results of the U.S. government's relentless
 pursuit of a company it argues--and Judge Jackson agrees--is a monopolist
 engaged in anti-competitive behavior. The second item, by contrast, describes
 the results of the U.S. government's general indifference to the
 anti-competitive implications of the huge wave of mergers that continues to
 sweep across every sector of the U.S. economy. And the logical question these
 items raises is: What's the difference?

            To be sure, it's not entirely fair to say that the Justice Department and
 the Federal Trade Commission have been asleep at the wheel when it comes to
 pursuing antitrust cases. They have blocked the Staples-Office Depot merger and
 the Lockheed-Northrop Grumman deal, and threw a monkey wrench (ill-advisedly,
 but still) into Barnes & Noble's proposed acquisition of book distributor
 Ingram. And in other cases, they've forced companies to sell off divisions or
 make other changes before mergers would be approved.

            On the whole, though, the consolidation of industries ranging from financial
 services to telecommunications to aerospace to the drug industry has proceeded
 remarkably fast and with remarkably little interference. And what's perplexing
 about this, particularly in light of the Microsoft case, is that mergers often
 have an immediate anti-competitive impact, in the simplest sense that they
 reduce the number of players in a market.
