
   
   
      
         
            Razing Arizona

            On a typical news day, the felony conviction of a sitting governor is news
 leader stuff, as is the Department of Justice's decision to look into the Vice
 President's fund-raising practices. But when these stories break on the same
 day, and under the pall of the sudden death of a princess who was probably one
 of the most famous people on the planet, everything changes.

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the conviction yesterday of Arizona Gov. Fife
 Symington on seven counts of fraud having to do with his business practices as
 a real estate developer. The paper explains that the verdict means that
 Symington must resign immediately, and also probably means lots of jail time.
 The LAT points out, referring to former Governor Evan Meacham, that
 Symington thus becomes the state's second governor in a decade to be ousted.
 But the Washington Post is a little stronger on context, pointing
 out that Symington was a major player in the impeachment and removal from
 office of Meacham. The Post and the New York Times
 also note that Meacham, while impeached under a criminal cloud, was eventually
 acquitted of the charges against him. The WP adds that, in this century,
 eleven governors have been indicted while in office and six have been convicted
 or pleaded guilty. The NYT observes that Symington is the third governor
 in the 1990s to be forced from office because of a conviction.

            Yesterday's WP revealed that more than $120,000 of the money Al Gore
 raised in those phone calls from his White House office ended up in an account
 for "hard money" subject to federal election laws, and today's Post
 leads with the news that this has prompted Janet Reno to authorize the initial
 stages of an investigation into Gore's fund-raising that could result in a
 special prosecutor being named in the matter. The Gore phone call controversy
 was first broken last winter by the WP , but yesterday in their stories
 on this latest development, neither the LAT nor USA Today
 (which placed it prominently: front page, column six, above the fold) could
 bring themselves to acknowledge this.
