
   
   
      
         
            How Vietnam Could Have Been Saved
            

            Jim:

            Hmmm, Ronald Reagan's on your side and not mine? I don't think so. He was
 the fellow who declared in 1980 that America's intervention in Vietnam was a
 "noble cause"--and the press trumpeted the comment as a gaffe. This didn't
 bother Reagan, who was used to such treatment, and it didn't affect his
 position on Vietnam. He not only supported the war; he often voiced the
 conservative argument that Washington politicians had prevented the generals in
 Vietnam from pursuing a winning strategy. (Lind rejects this view, and so do
 I.) As president, Reagan was willing to commit American troops, but he didn't
 need to. The Reagan doctrine of backing anti-Communist guerrillas around the
 world worked. Reagan pulled the Marines out of Lebanon both because of the
 bombing that killed 250 of them and because the Marines didn't have a mission
 there in the first place. This doesn't make him a minimal realist. The truth
 is, the Marines should never have been sent in.

            I think we disagree over what constitutes revisionism. The kind I'd been
 looking for would bring fresh analysis and a new interpretation of events. The
 late Peter Braestrup did that in Big Story , which showed how badly the
 press had misreported the Tet Offensive in 1968 and repercussions it caused.
 McNamara didn't do that; he simply embraced the left's contention that the war
 was unwinnable and America shouldn't have intervened. I have to plead amnesia
 on what Nixon and Podhoretz said exactly. I read their Vietnam books, but I
 don't remember them. Must be old age.

            The problem with so much that's been written about the war is that it stops
 in 1968. At the time, things did not look good for South Vietnam, despite the
 utter failure of the Viet Cong to achieve what they wanted in the Tet
 Offensive. The United States was still tied to the Westmoreland strategy of
 staging big battles.
