
   
   
      
         
            Waging War

            The New York
 Times ' top non-local story is a NYT /CBS News poll showing that the Democrats
 have a significantly higher approval rating than Republicans on most election
 issues. The Los Angeles
 Times ' top non-local story is the Senate's 55-44 passage of a $1
 minimum-wage hike--a bill that has not passed the House and would likely be
 vetoed by President Clinton for the tax breaks it gives to businesses. (The
 NYT reefers this story.) The Washington Post leads
 with the revelation that the Army has rated two of its 10 divisions
 as unready for war, the first time any division has received such a designation
 in seven years. This "C-4" rating means that the units in question--based in
 New York and Germany--need more soldiers, equipment, and training to
 participate in a regional conflict. The Post says this is partly an
 appeal for more money. The NYT , which credits the Post ,
 runs this story inside. USA Today leads with a Y2K
 scoop: Nearly 50 percent of local 911 emergency services--such as
 fire, police, and ambulance corps--are not Y2K compliant. This statistic comes
 from the final report of President Clinton's Year 2000 Conversion Council, to
 be released today. The Council also says that 60 percent of health-care
 facilities and one-third of schools are unprepared; however, the federal
 government, the telecom industry, the financial sector, transportation
 services, and the oil and gas industries are over 90 percent ready.

            The NYT poll finds that the Dems have a greater-than-10-point electoral
 advantage on health care, education, and Social Security. (The Republicans lead
 on military readiness, but this issue holds little weight with voters, the poll
 finds.) Moreover, Congressional Democrats have a 7-percent-higher approval
 rating than Congressional Republicans; if this holds, the NYT says it
 would ensure a Democratic House in 2001. George W. Bush holds a significant but
 shrinking lead--about 10 points--over both Al Gore and Bill Bradley (the
 difference between the two Democrats in a race with Bush was not statistically
 significant).
