
   
   
      
         
            The 'Post' Withholds Credit Where It's Due

            It's intellectual dishonesty time again! Chatterbox's Indis citation
 goes this time to the Washington Post , which today reports on Page 1 the firing of Wen Ho Lee, a Taiwanese-born
 American scientist at Los Alamos who's suspected of turning over nuclear
 secrets to the Chinese. According to the Post , Lee got fired after
 failing a polygraph test last month and after complaints from Sens. Trent Lott
 and Richard Shelby. (Shelby is chairman of the Senate Intelligence committee.)
 That's true. But readers will be forgiven for wondering whether the firing has
 anything to do with a splashy New York Times front-page story that
 appeared two days before and identified (but did not name) a Los Alamos
 scientist who was believed to have passed along nuclear secrets to the Chinese.
 The Times story's impact was mentioned in yesterday's accounts of Lee's
 firing by the AP and UPI, but it wasn't mentioned in today's Post story
 by Walter Pincus.

            Newspapers hate to credit other newspapers. They will do it when they have
 to, which is why, in its initial follow-up story to the Times scoop two
 days ago, the Post did cite the Times . Because that piece was
 also by Pincus, Chatterbox won't bother to set the Indis Hall of Fame
 timer a-ticking this time out. But the fact remains that the appearance of the
 Times piece was surely a precipitating event, perhaps the
 precipitating event, in the firing of Wen Ho Lee. It had a big impact. It was
 hyped by Matt Drudge on his Web site. It landed Richard Shelby on NBC's Meet
 the Press one day later, giving Shelby a highly visible platform from which
 to scream and yell about the alleged security breach. ( Meet the Press
 credited the Times generously, too.)

            Whether the disproportionate attention given to the front page of the New
 York Times ought to be a major factor in government decisions is, of
 course, another question.
