
   
   
      
         
            Gore: Here and Everywhere

            In the papers, as in life, new deaths crowd in on the old. So we have
 USA
 Today dedicating its entire front to Diana, with a cover story about
 the global village funeral to come, and anchored by a huge head shot of the
 princess, but we have the Washington Post , New York Times ,
 and Los
 Angeles Times leading with the news of yet another suicide bombing in
 Jerusalem.

            This time it was three scumbags, a record number apparently, killing
 themselves and others in a popular public place with bombs spewing nuts and
 bolts. The Hamas wing that claimed the last bombing, of a crowded Jerusalem
 market in July, claimed this one too. The group issued a deadline for freeing
 all Arab prisoners held by Israel--Sept. 14. The coverage is similar from paper
 to paper, although the NYT more clearly communicates the pent-up anger
 felt by Israeli officials. And the Post goes in for the most grit,
 repeating AP dispatches about one terrorist's spine flying through a shop
 window and a severed head laying in the street.

            
               What is the sound of one hand shredding? The LAT , the
 WP , and the NYT each have front-pagers about the testimony at
 yesterday's fund-raising hearings by three Buddhist nuns involved in an
 Election '96 Gore fund-raiser held at their California temple. The nuns had
 identical bright robes, glasses, and shaved heads, and were each less than five
 feet tall, so the papers go more for laughs than they otherwise might. But it's
 a natural tendency: after all, the hearing room featured nearly life-sized
 blowup photos from the event, of the nuns and of Gore making a Buddhist
 gesture. Also, according to the NYT , the nun who identified herself as
 the temple treasurer said that when she oversaw the collection from nuns of
 checks made out to the "DNC" totaling $55,000, she didn't know what "DNC" stood
 for.

            The WP , which has been spearheading another story also posing trouble
 for Gore, namely, that of his White House rainmaking phone calls, sees the
 story a bit more gravely than the others.
