
   
   
      
         
            The Folklore of the Antiwar Movement
            

            Our debate reminds me of that old story about Winston Churchill or George
 Bernard Shaw or whoever the Brit was who asks a woman if she'd sleep with him
 for one million pounds. She is outraged. "How about for 10 pence?" he asks.
 "Just who do you think I am, sir?" "We've already established that," he says.
 "Now we're just haggling over price." In a sense, that's what we're arguing
 over. We disagree on whether the price of keeping South Vietnam out of North
 Vietnam's control was worth paying--or even if there was a price that might
 have been politically acceptable in the United States in the early 1970s.

            Let me try to make the case that the price was worth paying. First, look at
 what happened as a result of the American pullout. Critics of U.S. intervention
 have never come to grips with this. But a lot of horrible things did
 happen. One million boat people, of whom tens of thousands died at sea. The
 creation of a giant gulag in Vietnam that was euphemistically referred to as
 "re-education camps." I've even heard American journalists defend the camps as
 legitimate educational institutions. An oppressive Communist regime over all of
 Vietnam. And the fall of Cambodia, which fell all the way back to the Stone
 Age, and Laos, countries that might not have fallen if the United States had
 maintained a relatively small military force in South Vietnam and provided
 serious amounts of aid to non-Communist leaders. My point is that all this was
 a very high price to pay, though it wasn't paid by Americans.

            Now, what was the most explosive event of the war in terms of adverse
 reaction at home? Clearly it was the incursion by American troops into Cambodia
 in 1970. That led to protests all over the country, including the one at Kent
 State in which four students were shot to death by National Guardsmen. But as
 bad as the eruption was, the Nixon administration weathered it.
