
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Sometimes it's worth remembering that the everyday business of Wall Street,
 even in these bull-market days, is quite mundane. And I'm not talking just
 about the brokers and traders who are still out there trying to hit that bid
 for 50,000 shares at $60. I'm also talking about the analysts, like the Salomon
 Smith Barney analyst who today started coverage of General Motors with a "hold"
 recommendation. Think of it. Why General Motors right now? And starting it with
 a hold? It's like a restaurant critic who's forced to specialize in different
 gradations of bland. Or a movie reviewer spending his time explaining why
 Music of the Heart got two stars instead of one and a half. Or ... but I
 prattle on.

            Anyway, the big news of the week was, of course, the Microsoft decision,
 except that the big news was how little news the decision made on Wall Street,
 at least in terms of moving the market as a whole or even the company's stock,
 which now stands only a point or so below where it was when Judge Jackson
 handed down his ruling. Actually, the decision did help Microsoft's
 competitors, including especially the Linux companies. Apparently something can
 simultaneously be unimportant to a company and incredibly important to the
 companies it's competing against. It's the inscrutable wisdom of the market.
 And so, on to Cocktail Chat.

            1. "In a truly phenomenal decision , the Delaware Chancery Court
 ordered three top executives at Computer Associates to 
                  give back 9.5
 million shares of stock worth $558 million. And 'I already spent it on
 Pokémon cards' will not be an acceptable defense."

            2. "Priceline.com introduced its newest and most baffling innovation .
 You can now offer bids on the price of groceries. Airlines make seats available
 to Priceline because they're perishable commodities--if no one uses them,
 they're a total loss--and hotels do the same with empty rooms.
