
   
   
      
         
            L.A. Times Part III: Mark Willes Speaks

            Times-Mirror chief Mark "cereal killer" Willes this week wrote a lengthy
 memo to his staff essentially pleading for a cease-fire in the ongoing war
 between the Los Angeles Times ' editorial and business staffs. (To get up
 to speed on the controversy, click here and
 here to
 read Chatterbox's previous items about it.) The key passage in Willes' memo is
 headed "Complexities." Here it is:

            

               
                  It is important to realize that as we go forward, there are no easy
 solutions to complex problems. Inferences from recent events must be drawn
 carefully so that decisions can be made that meet all critical and important
 requirements. For example, the Staples Center mistake has been ascribed to the
 fact that the Publisher and Times Mirror CEO both lack extensive years of
 newspaper experience. Yet the Boston Globe had the courage to report
 that it had an equally awkward arrangement with the Fleet Center when it opened
 in 1995. The publisher of that paper had newspaper experience. In fact his
 family had run the paper for over 100 years. The Globe is owned by the
 New York Times Company.
               

            

            
               Chatterbox translation : This is where running a family-owned
 newspaper along classy principles gets you: Somebody comes along and buys you
 out. ( L'affaire Fleet Center occurred after the Taylor family
 sold the Globe to the New York Times .)

            

               
                  Bad decisions can and are made by people with all kinds of backgrounds in
 the best kinds of organizations. The key is to have people make the best
 decisions they can. And when they make a bad call, to quickly acknowledge it,
 learn from it, and move forward.
               

            

            
               Chatterbox translation : A "bad call" is one that people find out
 about. So from now on, keep your yaps shut!

            

               
                  Other newspaper organizations have business ties that raise important
 journalistic questions with which they successfully grapple every day.
