
   
   
      
         
            Mourning in America

            The lead story all around--and then some--is Diana's funeral. Earlier in the
 week it was often claimed that Di's death was getting so much ink because of
 her charitable works. But this was refuted by today's coverage, in which Di
 claimed whole front pages, but Mother Teresa was relegated to the inside.

            The papers generally agree on what was most noteworthy about the day's
 events in London: that the outpouring of English public emotion hadn't been
 matched since the end of World War II, that, with its engaged participation in
 the ceremonies, the royal family seemed to bounce back into public favor, and
 that Diana's brother's remarks were probably among the most frank ever made
 inside Westminster Abbey. The New York Times
 describes his eulogy, with its description of Diana as "the most hunted woman
 on earth," as "passionate," and the Washington Post says it was "barbed and biting." The
 Los
 Angeles Times refers to the man as "Diana's angry brother."

            Some of the reporting on the service is quite a nice throwback to the days
 when people everywhere depended on newspapers to know what such events were
 like. However, this one was seen by perhaps half the people on the planet, so
 it's hard to justify the lengthy descriptive articles that are so prominent
 today.

            And it's definitely hard for a paper to justify two of these
 wordfests. But that's what the NYT gives us. Not only do we get Warren
 Hoge's "Diana Buried as a Nation Mourns," but also R.W. Apple's "Through
 London's Streets, the Sounds of Silence Toll." The overkill is particularly
 obvious when both pieces etch the same details. Hoge: "When [Diana's brother,
 Earl Spencer] ended his talk minutes later...there was spontaneous applause in
 the church and on the expansive meadow of Hyde Park jammed with thousands of
 people who were watching the service on giant television screens." Apple:
 "Spencer's castigation of the news media as collaborators in his sister's
 death, relayed by loudspeaker to those outside the Abbey, brought applause.
