
   
   
      
         
            Japanese Mini-Music and the Death of Irony
            

            Dear Merrill,

            Good morning! It's an honor to share breakfast conversation with one of the
 few people the disgruntled smartasses of my formless generation can genuinely
 look up to as a formative influence. So, it was with particular pleasure that
 today, as I do every day, I padded across the floors of my suburban Long Island
 home in my color-coordinated L.L. Bean slippers, pajamas, and bathrobe matching
 set, sat down in my spacious breakfast nook over my customary English muffin
 and marmalade, took a sip of this delightful Turkish blend my wife and I picked
 up in the most adorable little catalogue we found, and began flipping through
 the day's periodicals in search of something pithy and clever to ruminate upon.
 And boy did I find it! It looks like the Gore camp is really in a tizzy over
 the latest ...

            Er ... ah, AHEM. OK. So I'm lying. I, uh, don't live a life anywhere
 remotely near what I gather the average reader of 
                  Slate
                must be
 like. (No offense, everybody.) To be honest, I was up until about 4 or 5 a.m.,
 as I am almost every night, watching Space Ghost cartoons in a drugged
 haze, after seriously pissing off my editor by turning in the week's
 Onion assignments really, really late. Since, like many self-hating
 depressives, I don't normally even get out of bed until at least noon, it sure
 felt weird dragging myself into the corner store to buy the morning editions of
 the New York Times and Wall Street Journal (for some reason they
 didn't have the Washington Post ) for the first time in, gee, um, oh,
 say, my entire life (I generally do get around to reading USA Today , but
 that's because I get paid to make fun of it) and wondering just how a longhair
 dropout like myself somehow ended up, for this one week anyway, being an actual
 official employee (of sorts) of our man Bill Gates, the Richest Guy in the
 Freaking Universe.
