
   
   
      
         
            Post Scoops; Times Droops
            

            Dear Katharine,

            One of the uglier things I've learned over years of close newspaper reading
 is how deeply competitive jealousy affects news judgment, even on stories where
 the importance is overwhelming. It's happening this week with the revelations
 about the workers in the federally owned bomb factory in Paducah, Kentucky, who
 were unknowingly exposed to plutonium for decades. The Washington Post
 (which I know you don't read) broke this story in a front-page story on Sunday,
 forcing the secretary of energy to launch an investigation, and all but admit
 that the government lied about this contamination for years. As you might
 expect, the plant's work force has been struck with all kinds of cancer.
 There's a follow-up Page One story in today's Post , profiling a worker
 who died after a futile decade of trying to get the plant to acknowledge his
 illness. Belatedly--and to my mind revoltingly--the United States now calls him
 a "hero of the Cold War."

            If I were a national news editor, I would use this horror story as a chance
 to do a round-up of everything we now know about the federal government's
 involvement in nuclear contamination. Remind readers of the experiments done on
 children, get a reading on the other bomb plants, etc. Instead, most of the big
 national papers are giving this story a big ho-hum. As best I can tell, the
 Wall Street Journal hasn't run an article at all; the Los Angeles
 Times couldn't spare more than 200 words, and the New York Times did
 one story yesterday with virtually no reporting in it.

            I guarantee you that the Post will put its series, by Joby Warrick,
 up for a Pulitzer, and I wouldn't be surprised if it wins. The judges, of
 course, will be executives from the very papers who are now ignoring the
 story.

            On an arguably brighter note, there is a milestone obituary in today's
 New York Times for Jennifer Paterson, one of the "Two Fat Ladies" of
 cooking show fame.
