
   
   
      
         
            The Man Who Loved Genetic Anomalies
            

            Dear Todd,

            Good morning to you. With regard to your comment about "self-hating
 depressives who don't get out of bed until noon," I have quite the opposite
 problem. Recently I have been the victim of a team action by my four dogs to
 move their morning meal from 7:00 to 6:15. It used to take place at 9. Next
 thing I knew it was 8:30. Then 8. Then 7:45. I think they think that if they
 keep moving the mealtime earlier and earlier they will hit some kind of a
 quantum physics time-space continuum where there will be a 24-hour mealtime
 loop.

            I have been sitting here waiting to begin this e-mail exchange like I am
 preparing to take the SATs again. The only other time I ever intentionally
 perused this many newspapers out of sheer anxiety was during my one-year stint
 as a radio talk-show host. Ultimately, there was precious little reason to use
 any of the information in that format either. But oh, the things I have
 learned. For instance, I read in USA Today online that actress/rap star
 Brandy Norwood, who plays the college-age star of TV's Moesha , caused
 her show to go on hiatus when she was hospitalized for dehydration. Like so
 many TV shows, I'll bet they use this unfortunate opportunity to create a
 special episode of the series that will finally aim a much needed spotlight on
 one of the most overlooked problems facing college students today. We hear so
 much about excessive drinking on campus, but so little is ever said about all
 the dehydrated young people who refuse all beverages entirely.

            I don't know anything about that screeching-train-type Japanese music you
 mentioned, but in a geographically related story, I learned in today's L.A.
 Times that 75 percent of Japanese parents-in-waiting are breaking with
 traditional Asian thought and are hoping to have baby girls. The timing
 couldn't be better for this female population boom because in our country at
 last a military advisory committee has opened up a debate that will eventually
 pave the way for a world of the future in which every little girl will finally
 be able to pursue her cherished childhood dream--to one day live and work on a
 nuclear powered submarine.
