
   
   
      
         
            Do These Glasses Make Me Look Ugly?
            

            Dear Merrill--

            I also came across the terrible Moesha news, and it's truly tragic, not only
 for Moesha (oops, sorry, I meant Brandy. I always just think her as Moesha,
 even though that's obviously not her name, kind of the way millions of people
 around the country still think that Richard Dean Anderson's name is "TV's
 McGuyver"--man, it must drive the poor guy absolutely nuts, wouldn't you
 think?), but for our entire nation. On top of the the pain and suffering Moesha
 (er, Brandy) must be going through herself on a personal level (I once saw a
 Lifetime original movie about coping with dehydration, and believe me, it was
 more than a docudrama, it was the powerful story of one woman's courage in the
 face of acute moisture-shortage), there is also the larger tragedy of a whole
 consumer populace having to go without new episodes of Moesha every week
 until, somehow, a cure can be found.

            As a comedy writer, I'm sure you must be familiar with Moesha's (there I go
 again) sitcom work. Did you ever happen to see the one where Moesha has to get
 glasses, except she refuses to wear them because she thinks they make her look
 ugly, and so she spends the entire episode bumping into things and getting into
 all sorts of crazy mixed-up situations because she, you know, can't see
 anything?

            I didn't, but I did see a two-sentence capsule plot summary for it in the TV
 listings one time a couple of years ago, and I gotta tell you, I laughed my
 friggin' ass off. Just imagine how much even funnier it would've been if I'd
 actually seen the entire half-hour episode! Until such comedy gold is back on
 the airwaves once again, the theme-song lyrics "Everybody! In the house! Say
 Mo-eeeeeeeeeeeeee-sha!" will have taken on a grim new tone for us all, becoming
 not an anthem of celebration and joy but a somber dirge of melancholy and
 despair across the land.

            The bit about the TV Guide summary is a true story, and here's
 another one: An entertainment reporter here at the paper attended a press
 junket with Moesha (I mean Brandy) once, and he got to interview her along with
 the rest of the teen cast of a psycho-murderer horror flick she was in, called,
 I think, I Still Know What You Did Two Summers Ago , or something like
 that.
