
   
   
      
         
            Harmonic Convergences
            

            You're right, Maxim's strong point is that it's totally unsentimental
 and ungenteel. It's a sendup of the old model, but in a different way than,
 say, Hustler was, and the difference (surprise) reflects the sexual
 culture of the '90s. With its belligerent grossness and misogyny,
 Hustler rebelled against the establishment men's mags' class
 condescension, the earnest philosophizing about the sexual revolution, the
 "thinking men's sex bomb" syndrome, at the same time that it was deliberately
 goading feminists. It came right out with the anger that the regular men's mags
 tried to hide. Maxim pokes fun at its progenitors but with considerable
 ironic affection. It's not angry. In fact, while its fondness for the most
 idiotic, juvenile humor knows no bounds, any strong emotion is taboo (unless
 you count horror at having your penis mangled)--that's part of the British
 influence, I guess. And feminism isn't an issue, at least not directly--partly
 because its basic ideas have been assimilated and are taken for granted, partly
 because politics in general and feminism in particular barely exist in the
 consciousness of Maxim's age group. (Whereas Gear, which retains
 certain elements of the old men's mag ethos, and the old hostility--and not
 incidentally runs somewhat longer articles--does worry about and argue with
 feminism, as in its recent piece on sexual repression in the military, in which
 it is argued, after a fashion, that 1) we can't suppress male soldiers' urge to
 rape and harass women without suppressing the urge to kill that's the
 military's reason for being, 2) sexual harassment crusades interfere with
 women's equality, 3) women soldiers aren't men's equals anyway, and 4) why do
 we need women in the military in the first place?)

            Another thing I've noticed is that the trajectory of the new men's magazines
 and that of contemporary women's magazines seem to be converging, at least
 compared with 20 years ago.
