
   
   
      
         
            The Dark Side of the Alpha Male
            

            Dear Todd ...

            I feel like we are really starting to bond now. I, too, have never seen an
 episode of Moesha , and even more amazing, I have never even read a TV
 Guide description of an episode.

            However, I think you will be impressed when you learn that I was actually
 planning to attend the opening weekend of Pokémon: The First Movie so I
 could discuss it with you here. Although I have never seen that TV show either,
 I have been regularly purchasing assorted Pokémon merchandise for my two crazy
 nephews. But then it began to occur to me that if I showed up alone at a public
 screening of Pokémon , I would soon begin to notice the parents of
 children hugging their young ones close to them as they eyed me with horror and
 suspicion. I began to rehearse excuses about where my absent kid might be."
 He's ... uh ... in the lobby returning phone calls." Then it dawned on me that
 there could well be some kind of a city ordinance against a lone adult
 attending a screening of Pokémon unaccompanied by a child. So, sadly, I
 never went. However I could not fail to notice that in today's paper we learn
 that the Pokémon movie was "the highest grossing Wednesday premiere of
 any film to open in November." Now that is an accolade to be proud of.
 This whole tradition of being really, really specific in the details of the
 honor you are bestowing is a trend I applaud and would like to see expand. I
 wonder what the highest grossing Friday premiere in a month ending with an R
 during a World Series playoff game was? And what would be wrong with a category
 in the Academy Awards for "Best Actress in a Top-10 Christmas Film That Opened
 Between Thanksgiving and the 15 th of December"?

            Before I get off the topic of show business, I also noticed a lot of items
 about the questionable ratings of the new Martin Short talk show. King World
 executive Andy Friendly is quoted as saying, "We've lightened up the show with
 a new backdrop and more female-oriented material.
