
   
   
      
         
            One Word, Son: China.com
            

            You might have thought the biggest winner on Wall Street in the wake of the
 United States and China's agreement on terms for China to enter the World Trade
 Organization would have been the company that's been loudest in its support for
 Chinese entry, namely Boeing. But in what may be yet another sign of the advent
 of an economy based on bits and not atoms--or at least of the mainstream
 acceptance of the idea of that economy--the biggest winner today, by
 far, was (what a shock!) an Internet company. Chinese-language content provider
 China.com's shares rose 75 percent today on news of the accord, raising the
 company's market cap to $2 billion.

            China.com went public as a Nasdaq stock--meaning that its actual shares
 trade on the Nasdaq, as opposed to what are called American depositary
 receipts--in July, and its shares have now risen more than fourfold. The leap
 today was prompted by one of China's key concessions to the United States, to
 allow foreign equity investment--up to 50 percent--in both Chinese-owned
 telecommunications companies and Internet companies. This was a pretty
 significant about-face, considering that just two months ago, the Chinese
 government took a public stand against foreign involvement in the Chinese
 Internet industry, and that many thought that the government would draw a line
 around the Net, even if it conceded on telecom. Today's concessions open the
 door to myriad partnerships--how far off can AOL China be?--and the idea seems
 to be that China.com has a key foothold in the market.

            When you consider that China.com has only 750,000 registered users in a
 country of more than a billion people, calling its foothold "key" seems rather
 dubious. But the truth is that it's next to impossible to think about business
 in China in free-market terms. In a real market, brands are vulnerable, and
 first-mover advantages--like the ones that Compuserve and Prodigy had in
 Internet access in the United States, for example--can be lost as a result of
 competition.
