
   
   
      
         
            My Visit to Microsoft

            I've just walked into the 
                  Slate
                offices
 after an hour-long free-form discussion with about 200 Microsoft employees. I
 loved the discussion. There was obviously tension in the air, because my
 visit--though long-scheduled--came on the heels of the "Findings of Fact" by
 the judge presiding over the anti-trust case brought against Microsoft by the
 Justice Department.

            Even though the Justice Department makes its own
 independent decisions in such matters without input from the White House, its
 leaders--including Joel Klein--are appointees of the current administration.
 For that reason, I couldn't comment on the decision that was clearly on many
 people's minds on the Microsoft campus today. I did make clear that there is a
 fundamental American value in making sure that neither heavy-handed government
 nor unfair business practices stamp out competition.

            But then the meeting moved on to other topics, and I
 wasn't surprised to find that, as much as Microsoft's employees are interested
 in technology and the Internet, they are also interested in the same issues as
 all hard-working Americans--how they can give their children the best
 education; how we can make our schools and streets safer; and how we can reach
 across our divisions to bring this nation together.

            And even though national security policy didn't come up,
 I suggested that one crucial issue for voters to ponder is this: whose finger
 do you want on the ALT-CONTROL-DELETE button? 

            The
 issue of payment of our U.N. dues came up (in the context of the group's
 feeling that no inappropriate compromise on the issue of choice should be
 accepted), but no other foreign policy issues arose. So I obviously spent too
 much time in advance preparing for a pop quiz about CEO's of software companies
 from hot spots around the world.

            But in
 truth, the questions were wide-ranging.
