
   
   
      
         
            Who's Afraid of The Blair Witch Project?

            Chatterbox has a terrible confession to make: He went to see The Blair
 Witch Project yesterday and, despite trying very, very hard to be
 scared, wasn't. What's puzzling is that Chatterbox scares very easily. Loud,
 sudden noises make him jump. The sight of blood makes him blanch. A staircase
 creak in a dark old house makes him shiver. Mrs. Chatterbox is always saying
 that Chatterbox is preposterously easy prey for Hollywood's cheapest effects.
 This raises the troubling question: Is Chatterbox too much of a philistine to
 be scared by the tonier, more abstract terrors served up in The Blair Witch
 Project ? Is Chatterbox incapable of Art House Fright?

            This possibility occurred to Chatterbox a few months ago when he rented the
 classic French thriller The Wages of Fear , which has for its can't-lose
 premise the transport by truck of highly explosive material through bumpy
 jungle roads. Chatterbox (and, it must be said, Mrs. Chatterbox) lost patience
 with the extremely tedious exposition leading up to the Big Event and shut it
 off. (This even though the film starred a young, extremely suave Yves Montand.)
 Chatterbox dimly recalls admiring the novels of Charles Brockden Brown, whose depiction of supernatural
 events occurring in broad daylight somewhat resembles the
 terror-of-everyday-life technique behind The Blair Witch Project , when
 he read them in college. But Chatterbox doesn't particularly recall being
 scared by them.

            Chatterbox really thought he was going to like The Blair Witch
 Project . For the first half-hour or so, he marveled at the film's deft,
 improvisational style. The three student filmmakers depicted in the movie, who
 present themselves in home videos and snippets of their planned black-and-white
 "documentary," seemed like real people. (The college they go to, according to
 Time magazine--Chatterbox missed any reference to
 it in the actual movie--is Montgomery College, situated about eight blocks from
 Chatterbox's house.
