
   
   
      
         
            Revenge of the Elderly Black Grandmother-Tang Clan
            

            Dear Merrill,

            Greetings and salutations once again from Madison, Wis., America's (after
 Austin, Tex.) Second City of Slack. As difficult as this may be for you to
 believe, I'm actually finding myself jealous of your Bo, Winkie, et al., and
 wishing I had my own four-dog-strong 6:15 wake-up squad of bounding,
 tail-wagging quadrupeds to help me out here. A creeping fear worries me that,
 being a person who normally thinks of breakfast as something you get at a
 24-hour waffle place after the bars close, perhaps I'm just not cut out for the
 whole pithy-morning-punditry-duties thing. Now I feel like I know firsthand
 just how awful it must be for a person to greet each new dawn with the
 heart-wrenching realization that they are neoconservative MSNBC talk-show host
 Laura Ingraham.

            The Dalai Llama must be feeling particularly serene this morning with the
 news that, after a marathon negotiation session of 11 th -hour
 meetings, the way is finally paved for China to enter the World Trade
 Organization. Everybody seems really happy about this, since it came through at
 the last minute despite longtime stumbling blocks in the way of such an
 agreement. Perhaps China threatened to electrocute their testicles and beat
 their families black and blue if they couldn't push the agreement through?
 Let's hear it for effective diplomacy.

            You mentioned yesterday about being filled with repellent hatred and
 loathing? Yesterday the Journal and today again the Times had
 front-page pieces on how utterly stupid and pathetic and evil and beneath the
 dignity of any halfway civilized human being (OK, so they didn't necessarily
 use those exact words) the whole "managed" health-care system is. To me, this
 is like running a front-page article on how "Everybody's Breathing Air This
 Fall TV Season," or the headline "Night Still Following Day for Record
 Umpteenth Gazillion Straight Week.
