
   
   
      
         
            New Age in China?
            

            Dear Todd:

            The way you describe your life is starting to sound glamorous to me. We
 don't even have 24-hour waffle places out here. If we want waffles, we have
 about a 12-hour window of opportunity, and after that, tough luck, you're on
 your own.

            I have never been to Madison, Wis., but this day-and-night access to waffles
 may be all the reason I need to start planning a trip. The last time I visited
 your general part of the country, I learned a different but equally interesting
 regional dietary lesson: Apparently, restaurants around there do not feel that
 a salad is really a salad unless it has first been deep fried and then soaked
 in a heavy cream sauce. I went to one "salad bar" where not only did I not see
 anything that reminded me of a vegetable (and by the way, I'm intentionally
 going to skip the reflexive but pointlessly callous joke I could make about the
 customers, who I'm sure upon closer examination were lovely and admirable
 people), but among the "salad ingredients" being offered was a dish of
 chocolate pudding. I thought to myself, "God bless the dietician behind this
 menu who deserves a nomination for a Nobel Peace Prize just for getting
 chocolate pudding reclassified as a salad."

            I guess you must be relieved that our friend Moesha has rehydrated and her
 show is back in production in time for it to be considered as a possible export
 to China under the new Trade Pact. I wonder what the first Chinese products to
 hit our stores will be? If things work the way they usually do in commerce,
 when they find out our stores are already glutted with Chinese frozen food, my
 guess is that they will begin to make and export enchiladas. According to the
 New York Times , the president of the AFL-CIO, John Sweeney, "said it was
 'disgustingly hypocritical' of the administration to claim to be keeping the
 interests of working people in mind as it negotiates with a regime that
 routinely violates human rights.
