
   
   
      
         
            Every LIttle Baby Is a Miracle Straight From God

            Dear Merrill,

            Yeah, but in L.A. you can get chicken waffles.

            Why do people think they have the right to demand that a Kevin Smith movie
 not be seen? It's like some misbegotten bastard stepchild of the civil rights
 movement, I guess, but for some reason, everybody's forgetting that just
 because you're Catholic doesn't mean Kevin Smith doesn't have the right to make
 fun of you as much as he damn well pleases. As in, he could've made a movie
 called Fuck You, Pope if he wanted. But since I was recently called a
 "callow, superficial, self-obsessed bunny" by one of 
                  Slate
               's
 readers (I didn't mind the adjectives, but "bunny" kind of hurt), I guess I
 should skip the Kevin Smith and Moesha ruminations and get on to the "grown-up"
 news (damn, that means I have to skip the Journal feature on the @
 symbol!).

            After my psychotic outburst of HMO-vitriol, I almost hesitate to comment on
 your remark about Christopher H. Smith, because regarding the deal that was
 worked out to impose "anti-abortion" restrictions on international Third World
 family planning aid programs as a condition of paying our long-overdue U.N.
 debt, I'm on the verge of spinning out into berzerker mode again. Look, its a
 free country (OK, so actually, its a really expensive and not to mention
 debt-ridden country, but I digress), and people can believe what they want. But
 while I respect the Right of Iowa Gun-Lobbyists and Southern Fundamentalists
 Not To Respect a Woman's Right To Choose, when it comes to global
 overpopulation, it's not a matter of some domestic political disagreement, for
 Christ's sake, you're talking about the whole world.

            The same goes for (speaking of Catholics) all the medieval doctrinists in
 the Vatican who seem bent on imposing a third-world fertility program on every
 underdeveloped and uneducated native populace under heaven.
