
   
   
      
         
            Bloated Gas Giants and Happy Hygiene Products
            

            Dear Todd,

            Whew. Calm down, bunny. I want you drink a cup of herbal tea and take a
 multivitamin. I'm sure there must be a sphygmomanometer in a desk drawer
 somewhere at the Onion . I'd like you to ask your editor to please
 check your blood pressure.

            While we're waiting for it to drop back to human levels, let's talk for a
 minute about our friend, the brand new planet. Apparently they took the
 first-ever direct photographs of a new (to us) planet circling a star outside
 our solar system. The disturbing thing is that it is described in the L.A.
 Times as "a bloated gas giant." Only one photograph in and already the
 name-calling has started. At this rate, I won't be surprised if they never get
 close enough to snap a second photo.

            There's actually a front-page headline in the L.A. Times today that
 reads "Time, Space Obsolete in New View of Universe." Time and Space. Gone.
 Just like that. "The notion of space-time is something we've cherished for
 thousands of years," it goes on to say, "and it's clearly something we're going
 to have to give up." Another fine old premise right down the dumper, tossed
 away like TV variety shows and the idea that cheese is a health food.
 Personally, I'm kind of relaxed about the whole thing, as I have never
 exhibited much skill at organizing either space or time. But I am a little
 concerned over the new talk among the string theorists, who are at the
 forefront of revolutionizing our thinking about these things, that the universe
 may have 11 dimensions. How much do you want to bet you that when they make
 this all more tangible and we find out where those 11 dimensions are exactly, I
 already have piles of papers and unopened mail cluttering up the surfaces of at
 least 10 of them?

            There's a lot of revolutionary thinking going on. In the health and fitness
 section of the New York Times , there's a piece about a new
 no-holds-barred book for adolescent girls called Deal With It!
