
   
   
      
         
            The Picture-Perfect Fed
            

            So now the Fed has taken all the rate cuts back. Last summer and fall, when
 it sometimes felt as if the global economy were on the verge of a massive
 nervous breakdown, the Federal Reserve cut interest rates three consecutive
 times--including one between-meetings rate cut--to ensure that suddenly panicky
 lenders didn't strangle access to credit. The U.S. economy, perhaps as a
 result, didn't even hiccup, while the stock market, which had plummeted in the
 wake of Asian turmoil, Russian devaluation, and the collapse of Long-Term
 Capital Management, came roaring back. But after today's 25-basis-point rate
 hike, the federal funds rate now stands at 5.50 percent, exactly where it was
 before the chaos of last summer.

            To me, this looks like nearly picture-perfect central banking, especially
 since the U.S. economy continues to grow at a fast pace, unemployment continues
 to shrink, and inflation at the consumer level remains in check. There are
 voices of dissent who think that Alan Greenspan is paying too much attention to
 Wall Street and that the continued rise in stock prices is entirely the product
 of the Fed's distribution of easy money. But that case has been weakened not
 only by the Fed's own rate hikes but also by the powerful rally in the bond
 market in recent weeks. Thirty-year interest rates are back down near 6
 percent, after trading close to 6.5 percent, and they would not be there if
 bond traders--for whom vigilance about inflation is a cardinal law--thought the
 Fed was letting us all live high on the hog by printing lots of greenbacks.

            In any case, Fed-watching has become so ubiquitous that it's harder to say
 something new about Alan Greenspan than about Martha Stewart. But there are two
 important things to keep in mind about this most recent hike. The first is that
 even if the Fed's performance over the past year and a half looks perfect, we
 don't actually know if it was.
