
   
   
      
         
            Murphy's Law: A Chatterbox Investigation

            The death of Air Force Capt. John Paul Stapp, who during the 1940s and '50s
 allowed his body to be used in various experiments testing the effects of
 high-speed transportation, provides an occasion to consider how Murphy's Law
 came into being. The New York Times ' obituary of Stapp, who died Nov. 13 at the ripe age of 89, tells
 it this way:

            

               
                  Stapp, who was known for his razor-sharp wit, suffered an injury in the
 experiment that inspired Murphy's Law, after a ... rapid sled ride in
 1949.
               

               An assistant, Capt. Edward Murphy Jr., had designed a harness to strap the
 rider in. The harness held 16 sensors to measure the acceleration, or G-force,
 on different parts of the body. There were exactly two ways each sensor could
 be installed. Murphy did each one the wrong way.

               The result was that when Stapp staggered off the rocket sled with bloodshot
 eyes and bleeding sores, all the sensors registered zero. He had been
 restrained in vain.

               A distraught Murphy proclaimed the original version of the famous maxim: "If
 there are two or more ways to do something and one of those results in a
 catastrophe, then someone will do it that way."

            

            But a 1978 article by Ted Bear, then a flight-center historian at
 Edwards Air Force Base in California, where the experiment in question took
 place, tells it this way:

            

               
                  [Murphy's Law] was named after Capt. Edward A. Murphy, an engineer
 working on Air Force Project MX981, [a project] designed to see how much sudden
 deceleration a person can stand in a crash.
               

               One day, after finding that a transducer was wired wrong, he cursed the
 technician responsible and said, "If there is any way to do it wrong, he'll
 find it."

            

            Both versions of the story have the same basic theme, which is that it's
 always good to be prepared for lots of things going wrong.
