
   
   
      
         
            Fowler Deeds

            The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with local political stories but their national
 leads concern the testimony before the Thompson committee of the most prominent
 DNC official to appear thus far. USA Today leads with the shocking fine print in a
 foreign relations bill. The Washington Post goes with the latest dustup between NATO
 peacekeeping forces and Bosnian Serbs.

            The big news at the fundraising hearings, says the NYT , is the
 admission by witness Donald Fowler, the Democratic Party chairman during the
 1996 election, that on several occasions, he intervened with Clinton
 administration officials on behalf of large party donors. Perhaps the most
 questionable piece of networking is one that Fowler testified he couldn't
 recall, but which documents revealed for the first time yesterday strongly
 confirm: namely, contacting the CIA at the behest of Roger Tamraz, an
 international financier "with a questionable reputation" (says the
 Times ) who was angling for Clinton administration support for a proposed
 Caspian region oil pipeline, and who had given the Democrats $300,000.

            The NYT says such interventions are probably not illegal, but against
 DNC guidelines, which state: "In no event should any DNC staff ever promise a
 meeting with or access to any government official or agency in connection with
 a donation, or ever imply that such contact or access can be arranged, or ever
 contact an administration official on behalf of a donor for any reason." When
 this rule was quoted to Fowler yesterday by Republican Sen. Susan Collins, his
 response was: "I am not a staff member of the Democratic National Committee. I
 was a chair of the Democratic National Committee, and there is a clear
 difference there." The LAT in its Fowler story emphasizes a part of his
 testimony that the NYT mentions only in passing: that the fund-raising
 scandal was really more the responsibility of then-presidential adviser Harold
 M.
