
   
   
      
         
            The Bell Epoch
            

            It's hard to imagine, David, but when The Coming of Post-Industrial
 Society was first published in 1973, much of the controversy it generated
 arose from the threat it seemed to present to scientific Marxism. How dare Bell
 suggest that there might be an interim "post-industrial" stage between the
 twilight of monopoly capitalism and the dawn of socialism! You are right that
 Marx is not "in vogue" at the moment, although there are some
 soi-disant Marxist guerrillas stirring in Colombia. I do not know of
 any Bell-ist guerrillas anywhere, except perhaps at the American Enterprise
 Institute.

            You are, of course, bang right about stock options muddying the old
 dichotomy between the capitalist and working classes--although some people have
 told me that they can feel quite proletarian when their options are under
 water.

            Before delving back into this slag-heap of a book for additional nuggets,
 let me take a breather and say a few more words about Bell the man.

            

               He marks himself off from his fellow New York intellectuals by describing
 himself as "a social democrat in economics, a liberal in politics, and a
 conservative in culture."

               In the mid '60s, he and Irving Kristol founded the policy journal The
 Public Interest , arguing that, with the end of ideology, the ladder to the
 City of Heaven must be an "empirical one," based on hardheaded
 problem-solving.

               Nonetheless, in the '80s, Bell refused to be lumped with Irving Kristol and
 the neocons, saying, "Whenever I read about neoconservatism, I think, 'That
 isn't neoconservatism; it's just Irving.' "

               Although it is not always apparent in his writing, Bell can be witty,
 sometimes wickedly so. About his late brother-in-law, the loveable but
 notoriously irascible Alfred Kazin, he once remarked, "We're all human, but
 Alfred abuses the privilege."

               An index of Bell's stature abroad: An international jury has just honored
 him with the Prix Tocqueville, which carries a cash award of 100,000 French
 francs.
