
   
   
      
         
            Bill Bradley Saved My Infant
            

            Dear Merrill,

            What do you mean? The L.A. equivalent of the New York Post is just
 the whole city itself.

            I actually saw the Today show Ricky Martin concert, not because I was
 awake for it (of course) but on a Denver local newscast when I was visiting my
 mom. They kept saying, "And coming up, Ricky Martin mania!" or whatever, like
 it was a news item, and I'm sitting there thinking "ah, the sad state of
 journalism"-type thoughts, but I didn't know the half of it because then so
 anyway when they finally got to the segment, they actually rebroadcast the
 whole show, not just clips or highlights, but the whole thing in its
 entirety! I mean, what the hell is that? Afterwards, they cut back to the
 anchorwoman and she's trading quips with the other newscaster and fanning
 herself in that Hand-Gesture That Wouldn't Raise an Eyebrow in the Middle of
 Sunday Services way that very, very middle-aged, very, very white people do to
 indicate that they have become sexually aroused. The noble fourth estate!

            An equivalent would be when papers run giant articles reporting the content
 of an upcoming 60-second campaign ad. Today's was in the New York Times ,
 on Bradley's first big promo spot, in which, because he drafted a bill to allow
 women to remain hospitalized for 48 hours after delivering a newborn, a woman
 claims that "Thanks to Bill Bradley, my daughter is alive today." It turns out
 that her baby was born before the bill was ratified, but the explanation
 offered was that the bill's postpartum passage gave her the confidence she
 needed to have another baby, later. Now, as a carbon-based life form, my
 cells require regular fluid intake to survive. Yet, somehow I don't see myself
 ever earnestly emoting to a camera "Thanks to public-works pioneer Thurmond
 Elias Plefko, the Madison commissioner of waterworks from 1834 to 1872, who
 installed my city's water system, I am alive today," although technically I
 suppose its sort of true.
