
   
   
      
         
            Monica Speaks to Today's Woman
            

            Dear Todd:

            OK, L.A. is wacky and maybe a little too proud of it. But only the
 New York Post would even dream of running an item like the one in "Page
 Six" today about how Don Hewitt (the executive producer of 60 Minutes )
 and Christie Brinkley were both seen at the grand opening of a new Kmart in the
 Hamptons, "loading up on bargains." I'm keeping my fingers crossed that
 tomorrow they'll tell us what some of those bargains were. (The smart money is
 on giant containers of cheese fish.) But the bottom line is that it is nice
 just to realize, in a kind of "We Are the World" sense, as we come upon another
 holiday season, that there are things that even Don Hewitt and Christie
 Brinkley can enjoy doing together.

            There's a great local story on the front page of the L.A. Times today
 that is sure to hit all the big newscasts and the radio talk shows by this
 evening. The female half of a 25-year marriage, "a relationship so close that
 they shared an electric toothbrush" (Yuck. I hope they only mean the handle
 part), apparently filed for a quickie divorce from her husband just 11 days
 after she was so busy that she forgot to tell him that she won $1.3 million in
 the California Lottery. Cut to a couple of years later when her puzzled
 husband, who had no clue as to her motives for leaving the marriage so hastily
 (but if he had asked me I would have said "Give a little thought to the area of
 dental hygiene"), accidentally intercepted a piece of her mail that mentioned a
 few of the lottery details. The upshot is that he took her to court and now a
 judge has ruled that because she "acted out of fraud and malice" when she
 "violated state asset disclosure laws" during the divorce proceedings, she must
 turn the entire lottery win over to her ex. Ouch, that must sting. She is
 claiming the only reason she never mentioned the big lotto win to her once
 beloved was due to an "ignorance of the law.
