
   
   
      
         
            Save Our Aging Hardbodies
            

            Dear Merrill,

            It's nice to know that even people who live in the Hamptons need to cut
 costs occasionally. I guess Christie Brinkley's exercise-machine infomercial
 career must not be pulling in as much as revenue as expected. This is
 surprising to me, because when I saw it at three in the morning the other
 night, she looked like she was doing a great job: looked directly into the
 camera, smiled broadly and evenly, even turned her head to make eye contact
 with the spokesperson when delivering the line "You're right, it really does
 tone the calves!" The plight of the former model in this country is an
 interesting one. Where do they go after Donald Trump is done with them and has
 moved on to weightier matters, like running for president or opening tacky
 casinos or dating the next supermodel in line? Christie at least has her
 painting to keep her occupied, apparently having already learned Monica's
 lesson about the importance of being free-spirited with her creativity years
 ago, without the benefit of the fashion world's fastest-rising new
 purse-merchant. (I know about this aspect of Brinkley's creative life because I
 recall she did a Billy Joel album cover several years back when they were still
 married. Not that I had the record; I saw a segment about it on Hour
 Magazine or something. If I remember right, it had some sort of watercolor
 waterfall or river or something, and she explained that the idea "came to [her]
 in a dream.") The time is right for a brand-new charity: Save Our Aging
 Hardbodies, which would set up a home to provide care for all the
 now-slightly-less-beautiful women society is no longer interested in.

            And while we're on the topic of people who really know how to work it for
 the camera lens, I see on the Chicago Tribune 's front page that the
 ever-photogenic Jesse Jackson went and got his bad self arrested again, this
 time at Eisenhower High School in Decatur, Ill.
