
   
   
      
         
            Why Who Wants To Be a Millionaire Is a Hit
            

            The most important thing that's changed about the major TV networks in the
 last few years, aside from their steadily shrinking share of the audience, is
 that more and more of their programming is "reality-based." On the one hand,
 you have the continued proliferation of the too-scary-to-be-fictional genre,
 which was pioneered by Fox and exemplified by When Animals Attack and
 World's Scariest Car Chases . At the same time, more and more of the
 networks' schedules are occupied by news shows--which generally have at least a
 loose connection to reality--such as Dateline . And although America's
 Funniest Home Videos is no longer provoking belly laughs across the
 country, variants thereof air regularly as specials.

            The great virtue of reality-based programming is that it's relatively
 inexpensive to produce, since very little of the material needs to be paid for.
 And for people who are supposedly obsessed with celebrities, Americans seem
 remarkably interested in what other "real" people are doing--as long as what
 they're doing involves either being chased down with 40 vials of crack,
 fighting a long illness, driving the wrong way on a freeway, or getting upended
 off a ladder by an overly friendly springer spaniel. (Wasn't that a great
 segment?)

            Perhaps as a result of its success, though, "reality-based programming" is
 now being used as a label to cover shows that are, well, not real, like the
 huge hit game show Who Wants To Be a Millionaire and its recent
 successful competitor Greed . Millionaire has picked up where it
 left off this summer, dominating its time slot and actually casting a slight
 halo effect on its ABC peers, while Greed has been one of the only--OK,
 the only--bright spot in a disappointing fall season. It's their success
 that prompted a recent headline in Variety proclaiming "Nets Reap
 Ratings From Reality Shows."

            What's odd about this is that game shows--even if they're not fixed like
 they were in the '50s--are real only in a very tenuous sense.
