
   
   
      
         
            Batouti Bashing

            The New York Times
 leads with an agreement between the White House and Congress on a
 .38-percent across-the-board spending cut, a story fronted by the Washington Post and
 reefered by the Los
 Angeles Times and USA Today . The Wall Street Journal tops its "Worldwide" box with the arrests
 of hundreds of alleged debtors in Pakistan by the new military junta, a story
 fronted by no other paper. The Post and USAT lead with the
 EgyptAir 990 investigation, a story fronted by the NYT and
 LAT . The LAT leads with a decision by the United States,
 Turkey, Azerbaijan, and Georgia to build a pipeline from the landlocked Caspian
 Basin states to a port in Turkey. Russia had been lobbying to have the pipeline
 cross Chechnya, and the West's demurral may cause friction at a meeting today
 between President Clinton and Boris Yeltsin. The LAT story says the
 pipeline will "tap rich oil fields in Central Asia," but a Journal
 article on the deal says that no oil has yet been found; the pipeline is more
 about political alliances than oil.

            The Journal reports that the National Transportation Safety Board
 will give Egyptian officials several days to convince it that the FBI should
 not take over the EgyptAir 990 investigation. Although not much new evidence
 surrounding the crash has come to light since yesterday, USAT , the
 NYT , the LAT , and the Post run dispatches from Cairo
 quoting relatives of the plane's suspected saboteur, co-pilot Gamil al-Batouti
 ( NYT spelling). (All five papers continue to spell the name
 differently; see yesterday's "TP.") The Islamic
 al-Batouti was faithful enough not to condone suicide, the relatives argue, but
 not zealous enough to believe in extreme political causes. And while he had
 never been promoted to captain, as he had wanted, he was still quite
 wealthy--so much so that he held no life insurance.

            The NYT chronicles Al Gore's journalism career. After brief stints
 as a copy boy for the NYT in college and as an Army reporter in
 Vietnam, Gore took a job at the the Tennessean --which was then a
 popular stop-off for the idealistic sons of political figures (the sons of
 Robert Kennedy, Arthur Schlesinger Jr.
