
   
   
      
         
            Moesha Rehydrates; Gary Coleman Liquidates
            

            Dear Todd,

            I guess the lesson that is to be learned from the Times article you
 mention on Page A12 is that if you're going to get involved negotiating with
 Nazi-era slaves, you're just going to have to expect them to be a little grumpy
 and that is all there is to it.

            I'm terribly sorry to hear about the horrible coffee incident. Nothing
 remotely as dramatic happened here with the exception of a particular moment
 that takes place many times a week during the dog breakfast period, usually at
 about the halfway point. Suddenly all four of them seem overcome with the idea
 that someone else got a better breakfast, even though they all get the same
 thing. So they freeze. And then, in a move not totally dissimilar to musical
 chairs, they all change places and grab a different bowl. It's kind of Joffrey
 Ballet moment and it's very, very beautiful, as you can imagine. Particularly
 at this time of year.

            They're reporting in USA Today that a United Methodist pastor was
 defrocked for officiating at the wedding of two men. I can not for the life of
 me understand why so many people are so upset at the idea of gay marriages.
 It's not as if the heterosexuals have been doing such a great job as keepers of
 the flame. I mean, the heterosexuals could not have made a bigger mess of the
 whole marriage thing if they had intentionally set out to do so. In fact, it
 often occurs to me that it would be a very good idea to just give the
 institution of marriage exclusively to the gay community for 6 or 8 years and
 let them refurbish it, like they do with rundown neighborhoods. Then, once
 they've fixed it all up and made it cute and appealing again, we can have it
 back to defile and degrade.

            The Post is reporting that the Enquirer is reporting (and now
 I am reporting) that our friend Moesha wound up dehydrated because of diet
 pills.
