
   
   
      
         
            Doesn't Anyone Want To Be Famous?

            Why doesn't some Democrat run against Hillary Clinton in the New York U.S.
 Senate primary? After all, a sizable chunk of the electorate, even the
 Democratic electorate, can't stand the first lady, and that number is growing
 every day. (In a recent Siena College poll, only 49 percent of Democrats thought
 Hillary was their party's best candidate. About the same number, 45 percent,
 thought she wasn't.) There is a swarming press corps ready to give an
 international platform to whatever politician takes Hillary on. The man or
 woman who does it with some wit and humor will become the repository of
 anti-Hillary voters' hopes and fears and reap a huge bonanza of favorable
 publicity.

            You wouldn't even have to raise money for campaign ads: The media will do
 most of the work for free. You could even make a point of running a shoestring
 campaign against the multimillion-dollar Hillary leviathan. Since Mrs. Clinton
 herself appears to have no sense of humor, plus an intense sense of
 entitlement, plus a ham-handed campaign operation, she'll make an ideal
 target--big, slow-moving, profusely bleeding.

            True, thanks to New York's absurd election laws, it's hard to get on the
 ballot unless you have the blessing of the party establishment. But that issue
 could easily be turned against the anointed candidate--"Hillary and the bosses
 want to keep poor candidate X off the ballot," etc. It's also true that whoever
 runs against Hillary would infuriate that same party establishment. Gregg
 Birnbaum, a well-informed political reporter for the New York Post ,
 knows of at least one Democratic elected official who was thinking of running
 but was then "leaned on by powerful people within the Democratic party."

            Maybe a career Democratic pol would not want to risk angering party leaders,
 not to mention the first lady's husband (though he'll be out of office in a
 year).
