
   
   
      
         
            Fundseekers

            The Albright mission to the Middle East leads at the Los Angeles
 Times and the national edition of the New York Times
 (the metro edition of the NYT leads with the coming NYC Democratic
 mayoral run-off). At the Washington Post , it's tobacco politics that leads and at
 USA
 Today , it's military reform.

            The LAT and the NYT differ from each other about Albright. The
 NYT paints a picture in which the Secretary of State's statements upon
 arrival emphasizing security drew criticism from Palestinians, but praise from
 Israelis. (This is also the tenor of the USAT front-page Albright
 piece.) In fact, the NYT even says that Prime Minister Netanyahu praised
 Albright. But the LAT emphasizes instead Netanyahu's resistance, saying
 that he "rebuffed" Albright's "appeal to cease economic restrictions to
 encourage the Palestinian Authority to crack down on terrorism."

            There is no mention of mideast diplomacy on the WP front, where the
 lead is the Senate's repeal yesterday of a $50 billion tax credit for tobacco
 companies that had been inserted with little fanfare into the budget bill under
 the prodding of Newt Gingrich and Trent Lott. The vote was 95 for, only three
 tobacco state senators against, and no senator spoke in favor of the
 credit.

            The USAT lead is the news that in the first major changes since
 Vietnam, the Army will announce today that it's expanding basic training from
 eight to nine weeks, with the extra time being used for lessons on values and
 mutual respect, especially for women, who now make up 20 percent of recruits.
 Tougher screening of drill sergeants will also be implemented.

            The heat on Al Gore gets turned up another notch as the WP ,
 LAT , and NYT each run above-the-fold front-page pieces detailing
 how at the Thompson hearings yesterday, an internal memo was produced,
 apparently signed off on by Gore, that explains that the DNC was routinely
 dividing all solicited funds into hard (targeted to specific campaigns, highly
 regulated) and soft (not for specific campaigns, not highly regulated) money
 accounts regardless of the nature of the actual solicitation.
