
   
   
      
         
            Weapons of Mass Destruction Ain't Rocket Science
            

            Dear Merrill--

            OK, I bought new copies of the papers, and I'm wearing the right pants.
 Here's a headline from the Times again: "U.S. Thinks Iraq Is Rebuilding
 Ruined Military Sites." As we used to say in the third grade, back when I was
 wearing Keds for Kids and a Star Wars T-shirt and sobbing on the
 playground because the other kids were all pelting me with dodge balls, "well,
 ah- doy... " Since when has the military dictatorship there done anything
 else? I mean, that's literally all they do, they've got all their eggs in one
 basket, so to speak. Amass weapons, subjugate the populace into obeisance with
 weapons, and when somebody comes along and blows up his weapons, well, one just
 has to keep one's chin up, look on the bright side, and start over again from
 the top. Get right back on the old horse there, champ, and keep at it. Hussein
 decided long ago to sort of put the various other subtle, more nuanced aspects
 of running a country on the back burner, if you will, and just kind of focus on
 one specific area of approach. Do what you're good at (kind of like the way the
 Markoe family dogs focus their energies on eating food). And why is he so good
 at it? Because, like many evil dictators, he learned from the absolute best:
 los Federales de Los Estados Unidos, as the good ol' boys in the expertly
 trained death squads of Central America like to affectionately call them.
 Again, hardly a brilliant observation on my part, but then again, how smart do
 you really need to be to get the general gist of this sort of thing? After all,
 this is chemical weapons of mass destruction, not rocket science.

            Of course gay weddings should be legal. After all, gay luxury tropical
 cruises are, and although I've never experienced either of the two, luxury
 tropical cruises must be at least as difficult to endure as the institution of
 marriage is.
