
   
   
      
         
            $100 Million for a Bride?
            

            In the new movie 
                  The Bachelor
               , a character leaves his grandson $100 million
 in his will. The catch: To receive his inheritance, the grandson must be
 married before his 30 th birthday. Is this sort of restriction legal?
 And are there any limits on the conditions one can place on a gift?

            Grandpa is well within his rights; conditional gifts to people and
 institutions are not uncommon. Although the laws vary from state to state,
 judges have generally reasoned that since the beneficiary is free to decline
 the gift, such conditions don't violate anyone's rights.

            So, wealthy parents are free to put virtually any restriction on their
 estates. Inherited money is most frequently contingent upon the recipient's
 getting a college education or staying out of legal trouble. But courts have
 even upheld parents' right to condition gifts on the heir's abstaining from
 smoking or marrying someone of a certain religion or ethnicity. And conditional
 gifts to charities--such as the donation of a university building with the
 restriction that alcohol not be served on the premises--have long been made.
 The courts have made a only few exceptions:

            

               
                  The condition cannot require a violation of the law. This
 principle has been used most frequently to prevent beneficiaries from having to
 uphold illegal racial restrictions in order to receive property. For instance,
 courts have overturned the proviso that donated parkland be available only to
 white people.

               
                  The condition cannot run counter to "public policy."
 Courts vary in their interpretation of this principle but have generally used
 it to strike down requirements that prohibit marriage or encourage divorce.
 (Most commonly, a man will attempt to leave property to his wife as long as she
 never remarries.
