
   
   
      
         
            Arafat Chance

            The Albright mission to the Middle East continues to get big play, leading
 at the Washington Post and the Los Angeles
 Times , and topping the Wall Street Journal worldwide news-digest box. The release
 of official Army studies revealing widespread sexual harassment in the service
 leads at the New York Times .
 And USA
 Today leads with the Senate's passage of a national educational testing
 plan.

            What's most interesting about today's coverage of the Albright story is the
 amount of story-shaping on display. The same picture of Albright shaking hands
 with Arafat accompanies the WP and NYT stories. It shows Arafat
 beaming and Albright anything but. Which raises the question, was this really
 the best picture they had or were the editors trying to "say" something with
 it? And although these papers and the LAT all communicate the same basic
 facts about yesterday's events--that Arafat responded to Albright's demands by
 promising full cooperation in the fight against anti-Israeli terrorism and that
 Netanyahu was very cool toward her entreaties to him to cease land
 confiscations, home demolitions, settlement building, confiscation of IDs and
 the embargoing of tax revenues belonging to the Palestinian authority--their
 headlines differ in what they emphasize. The LAT runs its story under
 "Arafat Promises Albright a Steady Anti-Terror Effort," while the WP
 uses "Albright Urges Israeli Restraint" and the NYT runs it under
 "Albright Asks Israel To Take a 'Timeout' on Settlements."

            The NYT 's lead reports that the Army's largest-ever investigation of
 sexual misconduct in the ranks found that it was very widespread and that the
 service leadership was to blame. Also, investigators concluded that most female
 troops were unwilling to report instances of sexual misconduct out of a
 well-founded fear that they, and not their harassers, would be punished. Both
 the Times and WP stories quote statistics from the studies about
 how soldiers perceive the atmosphere they serve in, such as "47 percent of the
 female troops polled reported that they had experienced 'unwanted sexual
 attention,' " or "22 percent of the women and 7 percent of the men said they
 had been sexually harassed in the last year.
