
   
   
      
         
            Carpal Diem

            Both the New York Times and
 Washington Post lead with the government's expected
 introduction today of safety rules designed to counter repetitive stress
 injuries in the workplace, like carpal tunnel syndrome. The USA Today
 lead notes how states will be spending the first installment of the $206
 billion they'll receive in settlements with the tobacco industry. Most of the
 initial $2.4 billion, the paper reports, will be going to health care, but much
 will also be spent on completely unrelated areas, such as roads, jails, farm
 aid, schools, and senior centers. The story quotes the architect of state legal
 action against tobacco companies, Mississippi Attorney General Michael Moore,
 as deploring this diversion of funds. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a snapshot of the nation's current political
 sentiment, based on 1,800 adults (including 370 who aren't registered to
 vote--who cares what they think?). The polling's takeaway: Voters would prefer
 Democrats controlling Congress and a Republican in the White House (the
 survey's presidential tally is Bush over Gore 55 percent to 40 percent), a
 stance the paper summarizes as "Times are good, so throw the bums out."

            The big type over the WP lead--"OSHA OFFERS STANDARD TO FIGHT
 INJURIES IN WORKPLACE"--is clearer than the big type over the
 NYT 's--"AFTER LONG DELAY, U.S PLANS TO ISSUE ERGONOMIC RULES." But with
 that exception, the NYT effort is the better story. For instance, what does the WP mean with this first
 sentence, "The Occupational Safety and Health Administration will take the
 first step today to require many employers to provide work spaces and equipment
 to support the physical makeup of each individual doing his job."? And the
 NYT uses its third paragraph to cite bottom-line-based business
 resistance to the rules as the chief cause in their delay, while the
 Post doesn't get to this until its 13th. And while the WP quotes
 somebody from something called Food Distributors International as its source
 for the bottom-line worry, the Times goes instead with the Small
 Business Administration, which the paper explains, is an independent government
 agency.
