
   
   
      
         
            What Do Autopilots Do?
            

            News reports about the crashes of EgyptAir
 Flight 990 and the private plane carrying golfer Payne Stewart have focused on
 the use of the airplanes' autopilots. What exactly do autopilots
 do?

            The autopilot is an electronic system that manipulates the
 three "control surfaces" that determine an airplane's course: the movable
 panels, called ailerons, on the back of each wing that
 allow the plane to bank right or left; the tail rudder, which turns the
 aircraft's nose; and the elevators, which point the plane up or down. The
 autothrottle, which determines the airplane's speed, is controlled by a
 separate system.

            On commercial aircraft, the autopilot and autothrottle are
 controlled by an advanced onboard navigational computer called the flight
 management system (FMS). Typically, a pilot programs the FMS before takeoff,
 entering landmarks, altitude, and desired speed; during flight, the FMS uses
 instrument readings and radio signals from fixed points on the ground to figure
 out what adjustments are needed to meet the flight plan. If a human is in
 command, he or she must make the changes by hand; with the autopilot engaged,
 these adjustments are made automatically.

            Autopilots have several advantages. Primarily, they help keep
 the crew from getting tired, leaving them free to alter the flight plan, scout
 for traffic, and monitor the plane's other systems (like hydraulics and air
 pressurization). Autopilots also improve fuel efficiency and passenger comfort,
 since the adjustments made by an autopilot are more subtle and accurate than
 those made by hand.

            That's why autopilots are typically engaged on commercial
 aircraft throughout nearly the entire flight. When human pilots take
 control--usually during takeoff and landing, and occasionally in mid
 flight--it's largely because they need to stay in practice, not because the
 autopilot would be unable to fly safely.
