
   
   
      
         
            Butting Out

            The New York Times
 leads with the national tobacco accord's plummeting prospects. The Mother
 Teresa funeral is the top non-local story at the Washington Post (taking a back seat to the opening of the
 new Redskins' stadium) as it is at the Los Angeles
 Times (behind a California tax cut and a story about the L.A.
 mayor).

            The Times declares the dramatic $368.5 billion tobacco deal, which
 promised to revolutionize the marketing and regulation of cigarettes when it
 was proposed three months ago, "all but dead." Congress has been less than
 enthusiastic because many members view the prepackaged deal as trespassing on
 their turf of working out bills. Other big factors: the tobacco lobby's
 impolitic attempt to slip a $50 billion rebate into the budget bill, and the
 widespread belief that if the companies are willing to pay $368 billion, they
 must be able to afford more. The paper reports that although the White House
 helped shaped the deal, it has steadily backed away from it--so much so that
 President Clinton is being urged by advisors to offer only a general outline of
 a national tobacco policy rather than a detailed piece of legislation.

            One can't help but think that the NYT 's editors have spent a little
 too much time on Princess Diana and Mother Teresa coverage this past week.
 Their headline for the tobacco deal story? "Tobacco Accord, Once Applauded, Is
 All But Buried."

            Because of its time-zone advantage, the LAT was able to put its
 initial coverage of the Mother Teresa funeral in its Saturday edition. But the
 WP and NYT couldn't cover it until today. The NYT account
 emphasizes something that the others missed, namely that the crowds in
 attendance were far smaller than expected. The main reason, says the paper, is
 that "the poor, the handicapped and the troubled--the people Mother Teresa
 spent her life helping--were barred from taking part, at the insistence of the
 Indian military, largely for security reasons.
