
   
   
      
         
            Guns Don't Kill People; Olympic Athletes Do

            Two months ago, Chatterbox wrote an item
 praising Bill Bradley for turning the tables on Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts
 when Donaldson asked Bradley, on ABC's This Week , whether he'd ever used
 any illegal drugs. (For a full transcript of the broadcast, click here.) Chatterbox continues to admire Bradley for firing
 back, "Have you ?" and "Have you , Cokie?" and "George [Will]? Who
 wants to know?" And Chatterbox continues to find amusing Roberts' desperate
 attempts to change the subject ("Senator, on guns and violence" and "Can we get
 to guns and violence?" and "The--you wrote an Op-Ed on guns") after she gave
 Bradley the ridiculous non-answer that "I was so pregnant during those years."
 (As Chatterbox observed in the earlier item,
 Roberts has only two kids.)

            But Chatterbox was too beguiled by this little operetta to notice at the
 time that once Bradley finally permitted Roberts to change the subject, it was
 Bradley who gave Roberts a nonsensical answer. Let's pick the
 dialogue up where Chatterbox's previous
 item left off.

            At first, Bradley more than held his own:

            

               
                  COKIE: The--you wrote an Op-Ed on guns.
               

               BRADLEY: Yes.

               COKIE: Why not ban all handguns? Why just leave it to Saturday-night
 specials?

               BRADLEY: Well I would ban Saturday-night specials.

               COKIE: I know.

               BRADLEY: And ever since I saw Robert Kennedy in a pool of blood on the floor
 of the Ambassador Hotel, the picture of it, in 1968, I thought any president
 should ban Saturday-night specials. I think that with regard to all handguns,
 we should have system of registration and licensing, just like we do for
 automobiles. If we can do it for automobiles, we ought to be able to do it to
 handguns. We ought to take gun dealers out of residential neighborhoods. We
 ought to make it a felony, not a misdemeanor, if you sell a gun to somebody who
 is underage or who is a felon himself.
