
   
   
      
         
            Hillary to New York: Drop Everything

            Both USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with Hillary Clinton's announcement
 yesterday that she will definitely run for the U.S. Senate in New York against
 likely opponent Rudy Giuliani. Somewhat surprisingly, the New York Times , although fronting
 the announcement, does not lead with it, opting instead for President Clinton's
 visit to Kosovo, which included get-togethers with Kosovar Albanians (he urged
 them to forgive the Serbs) and with American peacekeeping soldiers (he reminded
 them that the U.S. military is an excellent example of how different ethnic
 groups can get along). The tops of both Times feature pictures of
 Clinton among the troops. The WP runs one a bit lower. The NYT
 and Post versions look like a campaign meet-and-greet, but the Los Angeles
 Times shot evokes the more intimate feeling of a leader with his
 troops: It's good to be the commander in chief. The LAT can only find a
 below-the-fold reefer for Hillary and goes with a story nobody else
 fronts--Tuesday's U.N. report on the worldwide AIDS situation. Among the grim
 numbers, says the paper: By the end of the year, the cumulative toll from the
 disease will be 16.3 million deaths and 50 million HIV infections. More than 70
 percent of all HIV cases live in sub-Saharan Africa, which contains but 10
 percent of the world's population. But, the paper continues, the region where
 the disease is growing the fastest is the former Soviet Union, largely due to
 the rise there of intravenous drug use.

            According to the coverage, Hillary Clinton's announcement came at a New York City meeting of a teacher's
 union. The WP says it had the feel of an orchestrated performance, while
 the NYT goes even further, saying that union sources said it was
 "scripted." Clinton said that she would move into her new Westchester County
 house as soon as the Secret Service said she could and that after the first of
 the year, she would scale back her activities as first lady.
