
   
   
      
         
            The Trouble With German Nationalism
            

            If British telecom giant Vodafone succeeds in its attempted hostile takeover
 of German telecom giant Mannesmann, the deal will be, by some measures, the
 biggest deal in history (non-inflation, non-bull-market-adjusted, that is). And
 it will also be a crucial step in turning Europe into what it's supposedly well
 on its way to becoming: a unified economic region.

            Great Britain has refused to become part of the euro currency zone, so
 there's something ironic about a British company serving as the avatar of
 globalization, European-style. Nonetheless, it is as precisely that kind of
 avatar that Mannesmann's management and workers are treating Vodafone. Even
 allowing for the fact that companies trying to resist hostile takeovers will
 say and do almost anything to make their would-be acquirers look bad, the
 German reaction to the Vodafone offer has been striking for its vehemence and
 the nakedness of its nationalism. Political leaders, union leaders, and
 corporate leaders alike have all publicly attacked the deal as effectively
 British imperialism.

            This is not, on some level, exactly surprising. Until this year, after all,
 nearly all European countries had regulations requiring pension funds to invest
 most of their assets in companies based in their own countries. And Olivetti's
 successful takeover of Telecom Italia this year was made possible in part by
 the fact that Telecom Italia's attempted defense against the takeover involved
 a prospective merger with Deutsche Telekom, a merger that would have been
 unacceptable to the Italian government. In any case, it's not as if the United
 States has no experience with this sort of thing, as evidenced by the hysteria
 occasioned by Japanese companies' acquisitions of properties like Rockefeller
 Center and Columbia Pictures in the late 1980s and early 1990s. (Of course,
 since only huge inflows of foreign capital now allow us to fund our
 current-accounts deficit, we should be thankful, not angry, that foreign
 investors want to put their money here.
