
   
   
      
         
            Mine Kampf

            The top national story at the Washington Post is the crash of a stealth fighter at an
 airshow (the first Redskins game at the new stadium dominates the front page),
 and that accident and two others involving military aircraft are the lead at
 USA
 Today . At the New York
 Times the lead is the U.S.'s possible shift to endorsing a land mine
 ban, while at the Los Angeles Times , it's a new study about the impact of
 immigration on the California economy and what to do about it--on a front page
 dominated by a backstage picture and the accompanying headline "'3rd Rock,'
 'Seinfeld' Stars Win Emmys."

            The immigration study, prepared by the Rand Corp. warns that the
 increasingly skill-based California economy cannot continue to absorb large
 flows of poorly educated immigrants and calls on Congress to: reduce new legal
 immigrant admissions to "a moderate range," allow the rate of immigration to
 fluctuate with general economic conditions, and add education levels and
 English proficiency as admission criteria. One immigrant advocate is quoted in
 the paper denouncing the study as "think tank poppycock."

            The NYT land mine story reveals a major policy change: the Clinton
 administration told allies over the weekend that it could sign a land mine ban
 provided the U.S. was allowed nine more years before removing them from the
 Korean peninsula. Administration sources admitted that the death of Princess
 Diana, who had embraced the ban, raised the pressure on the U.S. to make a
 move. Some hurdles remain however, says the Times : the U.S. would like
 at least a limited exemption for anti-personnel mines used in conjunction with
 anti-tank mines, and also wants an escape clause allowing exemptions for
 countries who are the victims of aggression.

            The Wall Street Journal reports that Seagram has escalated its
 campaign to advertise hard liquor on television by preparing ads including a
 caveat about responsible drinking.
