
   
   
      
         
            Who Stole Nissan's Cojones?

            Nissan Motor Corporation, which recently announced a six-month loss of $3
 billion, has been trying to pull itself out of near-bankruptcy with TV ads
 featuring its handsome, smooth-talking design chief, Jerry Hirshberg. In a spot
 for the Nissan Altima that's on the air now, Hirshberg boasts, "Technically
 speaking, we gave the car some cojones ." The word "cojones " is
 partially bleeped out to emphasize that Hirshberg is bravely violating a taboo.
 Fleeting images of Altimas go by. Edgy!

 Here's the problem with this ad: Over the last few years, Nissan has managed
 the difficult feat of going broke while making some of the best mass-market
 cars in the world. About a decade ago, if I remember right, Nissan made the
 leading vehicle, in terms of quality and performance, in practically every
 category: The Sentra was the best small car, the Maxima the best sedan, the
 Pathfinder the best SUV. Then, although Nissan's quality stayed high, sales and
 profits somehow plummeted. How did they do it? One word: ugly .*

 Since Hirshberg's shop produced many of those loser designs, it's odd that he
 even kept his job, much less wound up as Nissan's public face. It's as if the
 leading Democratic candidate for president hired the architect of the
 Democrats' 1994 congressional defeat to run his campaign! OK, bad example. But
 you get the point.

 Hirshberg has managed to dodge blame for Nissan's decline by letting it be
 shifted to his Japanese bosses. The Detroit News recently reported that
 "in the old days, product plans and designs would go from California to Japan
 and return watered down, Hirshberg said." That may have been true for some
 models. But for others, Hirshberg can't deny paternity. In his own book, The
 Creative Priority , Hirshberg boasts of producing the original Infiniti
 J30, a car whose massively round, sagging rear end (based, Hirshberg says,
 on the bottom of a toilet bowl) was like nothing on the road, and nothing many
 consumers wanted to buy.
