
   
   
      
         
            See Hillary Run
            

            Issue 1 is the New York Senate race. Issue 2 is the GOP presidential
 campaign.

            Interviews: On Fox News Sunday , Newt Gingrich compliments current House
 Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., for being a better dealmaker than he was.
 Gingrich says he prefers his current life on the lecture circuit to being
 speaker because lecturing better suits his idealistic temperament and doesn't
 require day-to-day detail work. Gingrich says the GOP should stick to five
 campaign themes in the 2000 election: 1) the rescue of Social Security through
 Personal Savings Accounts (a type of privatization); 2) the establishment of a
 "global missile defense"; 3) the limitation of taxes in peacetime to 25 percent
 of income; 4) the abolition of the inheritance tax; and 5) the securing of
 patients' rights through health-care reform. On CNN's Late
 Edition , Donald Trump says he would personally spend $100 million if
 he ran for president (in addition to spending the Reform Party's more than $12
 million in federal funds).

            Despite Hillary Clinton's pointed announcement last week that she "intends
 to run" for a New York Senate seat, several pundits--Fred Barnes ( Fox )
 and Kate O'Beirne (CNN's Capital Gang )--and politicians--Donald Trump and Rep. Guy
 Molinari, R-N.Y. (both on Late Edition )--think she has left some
 wiggle room and may yet duck out at the 11th hour. Some Giuliani supporters
 point to Harold Ickes' remark in a new Gail Sheehy book that Clinton's Senate
 run will be about personal "redemption" (to buy Hillary's Choice ,
 click here). Asked about this on Late Edition , Ickes
 doesn't own up to the statement, but he doesn't deny it either. Mark Shields
 (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) notes that both Giuliani and
 Clinton have negative ratings topping 40 percent; only 8 percent to 9 percent
 of voters are undecided, an unusually low number with nearly a year until
 Election Day.
