
   
   
      
         
            The Empire Strikes Back

            The Los Angeles Times and the Washington Post lead with
 Russia's fiercest attack on Chechnya yet, a story the New York Times
 puts inside. The Times goes instead with word that Federal Trade
 Commission officials have OKed the Mobil-Exxon merger.

            The papers announce that Russia is pummeling Chechnya and environs with new
 intensity and new equipment and quote Russian threats to finish off the Chechen
 fighters. The LAT reads the statements the most savvily, saying they
 provide the first indication that Russia wants to annihilate, not merely
 isolate, the rebels. The 100,000 Russian soldiers in the region have faced only
 light resistance so far from their 6,000 Chechen counterparts, but now Chechen
 commanders are threatening a counterattack. The LAT reminds readers
 that in 1996, 1,500 Chechen fighters were able to seize back their capital from
 12,000 Russian troops, and that this humiliating defeat is fueling Russia's
 current ferocity. The Post emphasizes Russia's decision to use
 scary-sounding "incendiary" bombs. But Russia hasn't explained how these differ
 from ones employed previously, and the paper doesn't seem to know either.

            The NYT explains that the FTC assented to the $81 billion
 Mobil-Exxon merger, the largest in history, after the two giants agreed to the
 largest divestiture the agency has ever seen. The companies will have to sell
 about 2,400, or 15 percent, of its stations. Things don't look as rosy for the
 BP Amoco's proposed $29 billion purchase of Atlantic Richfield. Since both
 dominate exploration in Alaska, federal and state officials are worried that a
 merger might deflate competition and raise prices in the area. The story notes
 that all four companies were part of the Rockefeller oil empire that was broken
 up by trustbusters in 1911. Competition for new oil reserves is much more
 robust these days, which is why the companies are being allowed to rejoin.

            The Post fronts a fascinating examination of one of the faith-based
 social programs supported by George W.
