
   
   
      
         
            The Coming Year of Gush-Bore
            

            Tucker:

            If I lean back in my chair ever so slightly and look out my window, I can
 see the dome of the Texas Capitol and, just to the southwest, the top of the
 governor's mansion. It's 6 a.m. Gee, do you think the light in W.'s study is
 on? Part of me really wants to believe that he and Condi and Turd and the ghost
 of Bully are already up cramming for Thursday's debate, but why should he
 bother? Much as I fantasized about the temper-tantrum possibilities of a
 McCain-Bradley race only a few weeks ago, it's getting to be something
 approaching inevitable that we're in for a year of Gush-Bore.

            There's a Time /CNN poll out today that shows Gore a few points ahead
 of Bradley. I worried that Bradley had peaked too early, and maybe I was I
 right. If he doesn't win in New Hampshire, I don't care what the laptop
 liberals say: The race is over. The apparatus of the vice-presidency is too
 much to overcome, even this particular vice-presidency. The main argument
 against Gore--the bathtub ring of scandal--is more effectively made in the
 general election than the primary. Who wants to rebel against the Clinton
 years? By and large, Republicans and independents, not Democrats. The same poll
 shows McCain actually leading Bush for the first time, which didn't get the
 wide play I thought it would. My suspicion is that the folks in Washington and
 New York, much like those of us in Austin, don't really believe it. Who are the
 37 percent of New Hampshire voters saying they'll go for McCain? Is Michael
 Lewis part of the sample? The C.W. is that McCain hurts Bradley's chances,
 because independents can go this way or that and Bradley needs them all, but I
 think the reverse is true: Bradley is a drain on the potential pool of voters
 for McCain, who needs every single one to orchestrate an upset. I'd be shocked
 if he didn't fall short. By the way, how 'bout Adm. Stockdale defending
 McCain's sanity in Friday's New York Times ?
