
   
   
      
         
            Weld: Done

            The FDA recall of apparently dangerous diet drugs leads at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles
 Times , and is the top item in the Wall Street Journal front-page "Business and Finance" news
 digest. William Weld's decision to abandon his quest for the ambassadorship to
 Mexico leads at the New York Times ,
 and is the number two story at USAT and the WP . (The LAT
 plays it on the front too, but below the fold.)

            At the FDA's request, Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories withdrew fenfluramine, half
 of the wildly popular "fen-phen," and also dexfenfluramine, which is marketed
 as "Redux." The request came because of new findings from doctors that
 indicated use of the substances was correlated with serious abnormalities in
 heart valves, a suspicion first revealed to the FDA and in the press last July.
 USAT says that 92 of the 291 patients in the group evaluated exhibited
 the valve problems. The agency also recommended that dieters stop using any of
 the drugs they have and contact their doctors. The paper reports that the drugs
 were prescribed more than 20 million times last year. The WP makes the
 extent of the drugs' use a little clearer, stating that about 300,000 people
 are taking each one. The Post quotes an obesity expert expressing the
 worry that these developments will hinder the general development and marketing
 of weight control drugs. USAT makes the same point, but by quoting fat
 people expressing it.

            The papers' consensus on the Weld pull-out is that he never had much of a
 chance, that President Clinton's support for him once the Jesse Helms problem
 presented itself was lukewarm at best, and that the source of Helms's enmity
 was never completely clear. The NYT views the whole quixotic episode as
 indicative of Weld's ulterior pursuit of some other greater political
 goal--either a senate or presidential bid down the road--a claim the paper
 makes both in its news story and in an editorial.
