
   
   
      
         
            Hair of the Donald
            

            Evan:

            Nice analysis of the Bradley-McCain-New Hampshire Independents dynamic. You
 left out just one thing: Bradley can't win. Under any circumstances. He could
 be inducted emperor of New Hampshire--and Iowa and Delaware, and half a dozen
 other tiny but reputedly important primary states--and still have no chance of
 becoming the Democratic nominee, much less president. The problem with Bradley
 is Bradley. He's a terrible candidate, the worst since Bob Dole, maybe the
 worst of all time.

            Ever watch him on the stump? He can't give a speech. He has precisely no
 sense of humor. A lot of his ideas about policy sound like they were thought up
 in the shower this morning. At appearances, he often looks like he's about to
 fall asleep. He answers questions like he'd rather be having hemorrhoid
 surgery. Worst of all, he has total disdain for everything about politics, down
 to and including voters. (Watch carefully and you can actually see him exuding
 contempt, like the oily haze that rises off airplane engines on a hot day.)
 This sort of thing may be appealing to some New Hampshire voters and others who
 mistake ineptitude for integrity, but how do you think it'll play in the rest
 of the country? In Florida? Or Texas? No way, man. He's got no chance.

            Speaking of Texas, I like your Times -hates-Texas theory, and I agree
 it's possible that Molly Ivins single-handedly poisoned the relationship
 between your state and the World's Most Important Newspaper. On the other hand,
 what does Texas care? It's not like Arkansas, a state whose citizens are
 acutely aware that the rest of the world is laughing at them. I remember being
 amazed when I moved to Little Rock by how seriously people---even the
 relatively worldly, cynical newspaper people I worked with--took the usual
 attacks on Arkansas (that it's corrupt, politically incestuous, culturally
 backward, etc.
