
   
   
      
         
            Is Drudge Done?
            

            Tucker,

            Let me choose my words carefully: Donald Trump is the single most repulsive
 person on the planet. Not since Anna Nicole Smith has such an extraordinarily
 big boob been mistaken for a celebrity. For me, the problem is only partly his
 hair, which is absolutely a toupee. (Trust me. Some people have gaydar; I have
 rugdar). And it's a terrible toupee. Can't he pay someone to tell him how bad
 it looks? If I left the house looking like that, my wife would change the
 locks. But even worse is the slit-eyed, phony-baloney pout, the one he
 presumably thinks makes him look serious-minded. I've spent the last eight
 years watching one middle-aged lothario manipulate his lower lip for emotional
 effect in the Rose Garden; I don't need to see another. Both problems, of
 course, pale by comparison to the Her Issue, as in: What the hell is a girl
 like her doing with a guy like him? How does he get supermodels to spend more
 than a minute with him? Not that I really want to know the answer. Donald Trump
 dating--and other unmentionable gerunds--is more than I care to
 contemplate.

            But I'm happy to contemplate the sorry state of the Reform Party. Other than
 the Donald, not a peep from those quarters lately, huh? Ventura has dropped out
 of sight. Perot has remained out of sight. Beatty is watching Out of
 Sight (OK, a stretch, but work with me). And Buchanan is probably out
 buying Hanukkah gifts. The undoing of Pat, whom you wrote about quite nicely in
 the last Talk , is arguably the most interesting story of this campaign.
 He's incredibly smart and telegenic--it's always fun to watch him spar on TV,
 even if I disagree with him--but he's shown himself to be a helpless captive of
 another era, a two-prong outlet in a world of three-prong plugs. His tin ear on
 the Hitler stuff--his inability to recognize that it wasn't what he said but
 what he seemed to say--was baffling; imagine what he'd have said if Al Gore had
 played footsie with the Commies.
