
   
   
      
         
            Reckless Gossip Merchants vs. Media Hand-Wringers
            

            Evan:

            I'd love to add something even meaner to your description of Donald
 Trump--he's the sort of person I want to keep kicking once he's down--but I
 don't think I can. You've said it all: He is the single most repulsive person
 on the planet. What a wonderfully pithy, accurate sentence.
 Congratulations.

            That said, I still plan to write about him some time. I don't think I'll be
 able to help it. Horrible as he is (or perhaps because he is so horrible),
 Trump is interesting, or at least more so than most candidates. Michael Lewis
 took a lot of crap from more serious-minded political reporters in 1996 for
 devoting so much ink to Morry Taylor, the drunken tire salesman from Michigan
 who made a brief, self-financed run for the Republican nomination. The idea
 was, Morry Taylor is irrelevant. Why waste readers' time writing about him?

            One part of me agrees: Morry Taylor barely rose to the level of sideshow.
 And there's no reason to feed the ego of every rich guy who decides to inflict
 his mid-life crisis on American voters. That's the sober, responsible part of
 me speaking. The much larger part--the part that once wrote a piece about
 Monica Lewinsky's sex therapist--feels differently. For one thing, following
 Trump around would likely be amusing as hell. I plan to start the interview by
 sneezing repeatedly into my palm, then trying to shake his hand. Guaranteed
 lede right there. (I can already see it in print: "Donald Trump is afraid of
 cooties.") For another, Trump's candidacy, and the Reform Party generally,
 reflects a larger, important trend in politics, and may be the surest sign yet
 that ideology as a force in national elections is dead.

            Wow. Did I just write that last sentence? Pardon me. Let me take that back:
 The Reform Party isn't a reflection of anything. They're just a bunch of wackos
 with a Web site and federal matching funds.
