
   
   
      
         
            Malpractice Makes Perfect

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and New York Times all lead with a
 prestigious independent medical organization's call for a new federal agency
 dedicated to minimizing medical mistakes, which, says the organization, are now
 killing between 44,000 and 98,000 people a year. The Los Angeles
 Times reefers this to a Page 3 story, leading instead with the naming
 in Northern Ireland Monday of a Protestant-Catholic power-sharing Cabinet,
 which could mean the true end of "The Troubles" in that country.

            The papers explain the basic point of the medical error recommendations:
 most slip-ups occur not from individual ineptness but from structural flaws in
 the ways hospitals and caregivers function. An example both the NYT and
 the WP cite is prescribing the wrong drug because its name is very
 similar to the right one. Systematically noting and disseminating such possible
 confusions to physicians would reduce risk. All three leads make the point that
 medicine could benefit from following the tracking and notification procedures
 of other risky fields like aviation and nuclear power. The NYT notes
 that establishing such a system is thought to cost only slightly more than 1
 percent of the $8.8 billion in health-care costs attributable to preventable
 medical injuries.

            The biggest unclarity in the medical error coverage has to do with who would
 get to see the results of the proposed systematic error tracking. Just doctors,
 or potential patients too? USAT refers to reporting "without fear of
 punishment," which suggests a pretty tight lid. Both the NYT and
 WP suggest that the system envisioned would allow serious medical errors
 to be made known to the public but keep less serious ones confidential. But
 there's no discussion of whether this makes sense from the patient's point of
 view. A related point: There's already a data bank for sharing information
 about incompetent doctors.
