
   
   
      
         
            Up in Smoke

            The unveiling of President Clinton's stance on the proposed national tobacco
 deal leads at the Washington Post and is the top national story at the
 Los
 Angeles Times (and the second lead at the New York
 Times ). Janet Reno's decision to shake up the Department of Justice
 team investigating campaign-finance irregularities leads at the NYT (and
 is on the front page at the WP ). USA Today
 leads with a bull-market evergreen: "Good inflation news boosts stocks,
 bonds."

            The Post says the Clinton tobacco stand is: yes to a national
 agreement, no to this one because it doesn't include steep enough penalties on
 cigarette makers for failing to meet targets for reducing teen smoking, and
 because he wants guarantees that the FDA will have broad authority to regulate
 nicotine. But (perhaps applying Lesson No. 1 from his stab at health care
 reform--he who takes the initiative has the most to lose) Clinton will not
 propose a bill with these features. Instead, aides say, he will wait for bills
 to emerge from Congress and try to influence them.

            
               USAT 's second lead states that, according to brand-new research,
 highly drug-resistant strains of bacteria that cause middle ear infections,
 sinusitis, and pneumonia are twice as common as they were a year ago. And the
 paper points to the most likely cause of the trend with its citation of a new
 Journal of the American Medical Association paper stating that doctors
 often prescribe antibiotics for colds and bronchitis caused by viruses even
 though antibiotics are ineffective against viruses. The story is also on the
 LAT front and inside at the WP . "We were surprised," the lead
 researcher for the JAMA paper tells the LAT , "that one in five
 antibiotics [was] prescribed for conditions that they don't even help." Could
 it be that this story, together with the fen-phen debacle, will focus national
 attention on promiscuous prescribing?

            The WP 's inside-the-Beltway columnist Al Kamen brings news of a
 seminar being put on by a top D.
