
   
   
      
         
            Lighten Up, Steve Brill
            

            Tucker:

            Ooh, Steve Brill. Do I really want to say what I think about him and then
 have to read a 25-page analysis of my various journalistic indiscretions in
 Brill's Con Job ? Including a discography of all the free copies of
 Beastie Boys CDs I received in the mail and kept?!? Even though we never
 actually ran a review?!?

            The trouble with him and his self-police force is they have no sense of
 humor. Ombudsmen? Agate-type footnotes? Geez. My heart aches for the days of
 the old Spy , when columnists hid behind pseudonyms, skewered Abe "I'm
 Writing as Bad as I Can" Rosenthal and other Times men, and recounted
 delicious personal details about editors I'd never heard of who left the
 bathroom without washing their hands, etc. Instead, we get pots calling kettles
 black; and not just pots but rich and powerful pots with rich and powerful
 friends. Lighten up, Steve. Let he who is without synergy cast the first
 stone.

            For what it's worth, my somewhat obvious street-corner view is that the
 conflicts of interests that drive Brill nuts are inevitable. Media mergers and
 gobblings-up and the like have made it impossible for us to do our jobs if
 we're obligated to disqualify ourselves from covering companies or people a) we
 do business with, b) we have a personal relationship or history with, or c) are
 in competition with. I'm not saying I like it; I'm just saying there it is.
 Where Brill goes wrong is in failing to distinguish between the most innocuous
 and naturally occurring conflicts from those lipstick-smeared ones that could
 have and should have been avoided. In the former category, I put, say,
 Entertainment Weekly 's decision to review the Pokémon movie, which was
 released by Warner Bros.; what's it gonna do--not run a review? In the latter,
 I put the Times ' decision to keep Bernie Weinraub on the movie business
 beat all that time after his wife ascended to the ranks of studio muckety-muck.
