
   
   
      
         
            Gross Film Gross

            The Washington Post , New York Times ,
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with last night's agreement by Republican House and
 Senate leaders on a tax cut bill. (The Democrats weren't invited to the
 discussions.) USA Today goes inside with that story and leads instead
 with the first guilty plea in the Salt Lake Olympics bribery scandal, a story
 nobody else fronts. The plea bargain describes phony paperwork designed to
 falsely portray as a salary payments made by Salt Lake Olympic officials to the
 son of an influential IOC member from South Korea.

            All the papers note that the GOP compromise tax bill, imposing an aggregate cut of $792
 billion, provides for a reduction of one percentage point in all income tax
 rates. There's also a drop in the top rate on capital gains, from 20 percent
 down to 18, a reduction in the "marriage penalty" for many couples filing
 jointly, and a phase-out of the inheritance tax that now applies to large
 estates. The tax rate reductions are conditioned on continued success at
 reducing the national debt. President Clinton has vowed to veto any bill
 putting this much of the budget surplus toward tax relief. The LAT and
 Wall Street Journal point out that the main
 political objective of the Republicans was to have an agreed-upon bill on the
 table to enable them to use the summer recess to build popular anti-veto
 pressure on Clinton.

            The only real departure from the reporting template comes with the
 WP's observation that high-tech lobbyists have been working feverishly
 for months to incorporate into the bill its R and D tax credit, a feature the
 paper calls a "particularly glittering prize." The paper notes that the Silicon
 artists have included a former aide to Dick Armey and the brother of the White
 House chief of staff.

            A WSJ front-page feature notes that even without such new wrinkles,
 the tax code allows many corporations to legally pay little or no federal income tax.
