
   
   
      
         
            George W.: Teflon Candidate
            

            Tucker:

            If you figure out who buys which magazines for what reason, I will pay you
 cash money to tell me. This is a question I mull over and over because it's
 part of my job to answer it--to try and figure out how to please the 35,000 or
 so kind souls who (hopefully) buy Texas Monthly on the newsstands each
 month without mortally offending the 275,000 or so who subscribe. It's no easy
 task. One year, Lady Bird Johnson sells, the next she doesn't; or rather, one
 way we spin a story about her (icon in repose) works, but another way
 (long-suffering wife of a serial philanderer) doesn't. Authentic Texan Matthew
 McConaughey on the cusp of his hunkdom dies an agonizing newsstand death, but
 recent Texas transplant Sandra Bullock is huge. Troy Aikman in Armani scores,
 but Nolan Ryan in a cowboy hat whiffs. Not even George W. Bush, the Ricky
 Martin of presidential politics, is a guaranteed winner. When he was running
 against Ann Richards in 1994, he sold OK (a nice cover line, though: "Son of a
 Bush"). When he was first exploring the possibility of a White House bid in the
 summer of '98, he did worse, actually, than the first time. But this past June,
 when we did our comprehensive, seven-segment story on the guy, it was one of
 the year's best sellers. Most of those extra copies were probably sold to
 Howard Fineman, Dan Balz, and their national press corps brethren, but we'll
 take it. Their money's green.

            Bush is apparently a hot ticket on TV, too. The ratings for Meet the
 Press were 91 percent higher than Sam and Cokie 's on the day Tim
 Russert flew to Austin and interviewed the guv at the mansion. A cynical part
 of me wants to believe that one of every two viewers tuned in hoping to see a
 gaffe, but not even the now-famous pop quiz--the You're No Jack Kennedy of the
 2000 campaign--has slowed the juggernaut. (I'm duty-bound to point out, by the
 way, that Bush's answers--General and Lee--may inadvertently tell us something
 about him: He's a Dukes of Hazzard fan.
