
   
   
      
         
            Who Cares Whether Hillary (Maybe) Smoked Dope?

            Gail Sheehy's Nov. 29 interview with Stone Phillips on NBC's Dateline
 alerted Chatterbox that the big scoop in Hillary's Choice , Sheehy's new psychobiography of
 the first lady, is that Hillary might have smoked some dope in college,
 but her ex-boyfriend isn't saying for sure .

            Stunned by this new revelation, Chatterbox ran to the nearest bookstore and
 purchased a copy. Sure enough on Page 62, we meet David Rupert, a

            

               
                  ruthlessly handsome 'black Irishman' with dark eyes that he used to his
 advantage. He would become her first real love. ... Rupert says he was 150
 pounds of pulsing hormones. Their relationship was a tempestuous one.
               

            

            This brooding hunk of manly sinew seized Hillary's heaving shoulders at a
 mixer for Capitol Hill interns during the summer of 1968 and murmured ... that
 he was working for Charlie Goodell, the liberal Republican from New York. She
 fluttered her eyes downward and whispered ... that she was working for Mel
 Laird, the Republican Wisconsin representative who would later be defense
 secretary under Richard Nixon. Their loins ached with passion.

            

               
                  "We always used birth control," offers [!] Rupert. [This is on
 Page 69; by now they're both back at college.] "Abstinence is the absolute
 remedy here, but a fear of getting pregnant did not deter us in our
 relationship." He often stayed over with Hillary in the suite she shared with
 three roommates at Wellesley and knew her roommates well.
               

            

            Mesmerized by the narrative rush of Sheehy's bodice-ripper, Chatterbox
 almost forgot to look up the business about smoking dope. Here it is (Page
 68):

            

               
                  Rupert discovered something unexpected about Hillary: get her away on a
 weekend, and she could be playful.
