
   
   
      
         
            Brainless in Seattle

            Everybody leads with yesterday's Seattle street clashes between protesters
 and police that delayed the opening of the WTO summit and resulted in an
 all-night curfew and the calling out of some unarmed National Guard units to
 keep the peace for President Clinton's arrival early Wednesday morning. The
 fronts all feature photos of the cops firing tear gas and pepper spray on
 protesters, reminding the reader of the authorities' central PR problem in such
 situations: Regardless of the merits, there's no way to look good when you're
 armored from head to toe and shooting stuff at folks who are unarmored and
 unarmed.

            The coverage explains that what the Washington Post calls a "guerrilla army of anti-trade
 protesters" (anti-trade?) started massing early in the day, prompting the
 lock-down of the main hotels in downtown Seattle housing WTO delegates and of
 the convention center where the meetings were supposed to be held. Stores and
 restaurants then shut down and then protesters filled the streets. The papers
 say that most of the protest was nonviolent noncompliance, but also pass along
 eyewitness accounts of destruction of property, including that Seattle
 sacrilege, the looting and vandalizing of a Starbucks. ( USA Today
 shows a moronic dirtball doing just that.) It's reported that much of the
 violence was committed by people in black clothes and ski masks.

            The papers grapple with the sheer diversity of the protesters: people
 dressed as pigs, turtles, clowns, Superman, vegetables, fish, and butterflies,
 says the WP . The Los Angeles Times spots Earth First! members chaining
 themselves together and women calling themselves "Vegan Dykes" marching
 topless. Also present were some top leaders of U.S. labor, a Sierra Club
 honcho, and a leading Chinese dissident. The only common thread seemed to be,
 as the New York Times puts it, the view
 that the WTO is a "handmaiden of corporate interests whose rulings undermine
 health, labor and environmental protections around the world.
