
   
   
      
         
            George W. Is, Like, Cool!
            

            Evan:

            I think you're right that ideologues in the Republican Party (and I'm using
 "ideologue" here as a euphemism for "people of principle," rather than
 "wild-eyed nut cases") are going to wake up one morning early into the Bush
 presidency with a terrible hangover. Bush is considerably less conservative
 than many of his fans believe, not that he's ever made any secret of it. He's
 run so far as an out-of-the-closet moderate, someone who genuinely cares about
 bipartisan compromise, or the appearance of it anyway. He brags about his
 friendships with Democrats. He hired Mark McKinnon, who's not only an excellent
 media consultant but also an old friend of Paul Begala and Mandy Grunwald (not
 to mention a former songwriter for Kris Kristofferson and by far the coolest
 person on the Bush campaign).

            The message of all this is unmistakable: I'm no winger. It's been a terribly
 effective strategy so far--and it leaves no messy pandering to clean up during
 the general--but I think it has consequences for conservatives. Bush, as you
 point out, is in some ways a Reagan-like figure. But here's one difference:
 Reagan came to office in 1980 with a large outstanding debt to the right,
 particularly evangelicals. He rewarded them by giving them jobs and access, and
 in many cases real power. It was the ideological conservatives who worked for
 Reagan--Bill Bennett and Gary Bauer, to name two who are still very much
 around--who pulled his domestic policy to the right and kept it there.

            Bush is the first GOP front-runner in memory who owes no such debt to
 conservatives. Congressional Republicans squandered their leverage over him
 almost immediately. They threw their endorsements to Bush at the very beginning
 of the cycle, and without demanding anything in return. They shouldn't have
 been surprised when Bush repaid the favor by casting Denny Hastert as Sista
 Soulja.

            But they were.
