
   
   
      
         
            Mining: Our Own Business

            The USA
 Today lead is President Clinton's statement Wednesday demanding changes
 in the national tobacco deal, a story that the other papers handled yesterday
 on the basis of White House background leaks about what he would say. At the
 Washington Post , New York Times ,
 and Los
 Angeles Times , the lead is the U.S. decision to not join a proposed
 international land-mine ban. (And this is the second lead at USAT .)

            The U.S. decision to withdraw from negotiations being conducted by 89
 countries in Oslo, Norway, was defended by Clinton on the grounds that the ban
 could put U.S. troops at risk in time of war. The WP says the decision
 was "greeted with jubilation and relief by humanitarian groups and countries
 that support the ban" because they feared the United States would dilute the
 treaty at the last minute. The treaty arrived at without U.S. participation
 prohibits all anti-personnel land mines. Signatories will have four years to
 destroy their inventories and 10 years to clear areas that have been mined. It
 will probably become international law within two years.

            The WP says the ban will be "the first arms control treaty to limit a
 conventional weapon." But the Post is mistaken, and give credit to the
 NYT for providing the correct historical background: In 1863, exploding
 bullets were banned, in 1899, so were dum-dum bullets. Poison gas was outlawed
 in 1925, and in 1995 it was ixnay on blinding lasers.

            Of all the papers covering the ban today, only USAT mentions the
 momentum derived from the death of Princess Diana, who embraced the cause
 shortly before her death.

            The overall mining coverage is fairly steeped in the arcana of international
 treaties and weapons systems, giving it a rather remote flavor. One wonders if
 the papers would have been this low-key if it were--Qaddafi, say--standing
 almost alone against the world in clinging to a maiming technology.
