
   
   
      
         
            First Lady in Spliff Shocker!
            

            Tucker:

            I spent much of the latter half of yesterday on planes bound for San
 Francisco, which is where I am as I write this. We hovered above the city for
 more than an hour before landing--a combination of bad weather and President
 Clinton taking off from the S.F. airport. I didn't find out until much later
 that he'd been here, and I didn't find out why he was on the West Coast, or
 rather one of the reasons he was supposed to be on the West Coast, until I
 picked up the morning papers. Riots? What decade is this? (And over trade
 issues? Is Pat Buchanan trying to jump-start his campaign?) I don't know about
 the coverage back east, but it's quite something out here. If you covered the
 headline in the San Francisco Chronicle --"Turmoil in Seattle
 Streets"--and just looked at the picture of official-looking guys with clubs
 and helmets and prole-looking folks in heavy coats and scarves, you'd think it
 was some Eastern European war zone.

            Also on the front page of the Chronicle , a story about W.'s tax plan
 (is there no escaping the guy?), which I gather he'll detail today in that
 hotbed of economic-policy analysis, Des Moines. Tax breaks for the working poor
 and no reduction in capital gains taxes ... hmmm. I'm sure the conservative
 Republican establishment will fall right in line. Here's my favorite part of
 the article: "Response to the Bush tax plan was swift. Even before knowing the
 details, Vice President Al Gore criticized it yesterday." Even before knowing
 the details. Sheesh, couldn't he have waited five seconds before attacking the
 guy? I can see it now: "Republican candidate George W. Bush said today that
 Tipper Gore is the sexiest woman alive. Even before knowing the details, Vice
 President Al Gore criticized Bush's choice as a 'hog.' " Actually, my fave Gore
 quote is that Bush's plan is a "truly reckless tax scheme." The new bogeyword
 of American politics: scheme.
