
   
   
      
         
            Can James Carville Be Sued for $100,000?
            

            The Washington Post reported last week that James Carville--angered
 by alleged misinterpretations of the First Lady's interview in Talk --was
 going to put classified ads in the paper promising $100,000 "to any reporter
 who can show me that Hillary Clinton linked the president's sexual misconduct
 with his childhood." Is a promise like that legally enforceable?

            A promise is only legally binding if it is part of a contract. But a
 contract needn't be a written document or even an oral agreement. If a
 reasonable person would conclude that a serious offer was being made, and
 fulfills the terms, it can be considered a binding contract. If you put up
 signs around the neighborhood saying, "$100 for the return of my cat," and I
 spend hours searching before finding and delivering your beloved tabby, the
 courts will make you pay up. If you have gained no benefit and I have incurred
 no cost, and it's a non-business situation, the judge will probably say it was
 unreasonable for me to take you seriously. Carville would be harmed, not
 helped, by someone proving him wrong about Hillary--and that someone would
 enjoy vindication rather than enduring any cost. On the other hand, Carville
 benefits both commercially and politically from his stagy promise itself, so
 the court might hold him to it.

            In a recent case, Judge Kimba Wood ruled that Pepsi did not have to make
 good on an advertisement suggesting that consumers could redeem 700,000 "Pepsi
 Points" for a $23 million Harrier fighter jet. No reasonable person would
 believe it, she said. In 1996 the chairman of the Republican National
 Committee, Haley Barbour, promised $1 million to any American who proved that a
 GOP budget proposal did not increase Medicare spending by more than 50 percent.
 Twenty Americans filed breach of contract suits. A dozen are still litigating.
 The RNC has already settled with one claimant for an undisclosed amount.
