
   
   
      
         
            The Sopranos: TV's Only High Note
            

            Tucker:

            The Times thing sounds reprehensible--I agree. If, I don't know, Bob
 Herbert sent around a mass e-mail with dirty jokes about the wives of Texas
 executioners, do you think he'd get fired?

            I want to move away from all this witty banter about politics and media
 ethics and move on to something more serious: TV. I noticed in several papers
 today that HBO plans to rerun all 13 episodes of The Sopranos starting
 the day after Christmas (a holiday that Nancy Marchand's character, Livia
 Soprano, would no doubt say is a racket for the non-Jews). I don't know about
 you, but I love television. Some people have sports; other people have
 politics. I have digital cable: 500 channels of bliss. Watching The
 Sopranos last spring was like gazing at a Rothko or eating at Chez Panisse.
 It was art, pure and simple, and it was immensely nourishing--and if you don't
 believe me, ask the half-dozen or so guys I play poker with every week. They're
 not your average beer-bellied slackers (well, only one is), and they're not
 alpha-wave-overdosed geeks. They're sophisticates, and to a one they savored
 every episode, every frame, every line. It's all we talked about then, and
 again all we talked about when the series was rerun for the first time over the
 summer. What makes it so good? All the usual things: wonderful writing, great
 casting (the co-casting director is Christopher Walken's wife), and a very
 contemporary story line that has already been copied to ill effect by other
 movies and TV shows. What The X-Files was a few years ago and Ally
 McBeal was last year, The Sopranos is this year: A masterpiece
 fraudulently imitated by lesser men--the sort who wouldn't be let into the Bada
 Bing Club. (Don't ask.)

            One reason I think The Sopranos is so far superior to everything else
 on the tube is that everything else on the tube is dreadful. Even The West
 Wing , a shabby small-screen version of every big-screen movie about the
 inner workings of government (which are themselves shabby versions of the real
 thing, which is itself a shabby version of what the real thing should be), is a
 hit; it ought to be canceled, if only to send a message to the dentist who
 capped Martin Sheen's teeth.
