
   
   
      
         
            Babar's Gay Friends
            

            Evan:

            I think you need to take another look at the relationship between George and
 Martha. If they're "friends rather than lovers" it's only because Martha's
 holding out on George. He wants to seal the deal. Badly. It's obvious. I admit
 I've never seen the Nathan Lane TV version, but my kids and I just finished the
 unabridged, 300-plus-page George and Martha collection last night. After a deep
 reading of the text I can tell you that George is one of the more aggressively
 hetero hippos in American literature.

            Take the scene (I believe it's in Volume 1, Book 3) in which George gets
 caught peeping in Martha's window as she takes a bath. Or the chapter in which
 George establishes the Martha Fan Club ("George, president"). George is forever
 giving Martha flowers, holding her hand, gazing into her eyes. At one point he
 has his missing front tooth replaced with a gold one in tribute to her. There
 is, I concede, a somewhat confusing interlude where George takes up modern
 dance. But it is only as a means to woo Martha. And as I recall he wears a
 sombrero with his leotard.

            In short, George isn't gay (not that there's anything wrong with that). But
 if it's gay children's book characters you're searching for, look no further
 than the Babar series. I, for one, am convinced that there's a good reason the
 Old Lady is a lifelong spinster. Others (my wife) disagree, so let's not even
 argue that point. Instead, I suggest you get to know Bouver and Picardee, the
 unmarried middle-aged male friends of Babar's who rescue his youngest daughter
 when she becomes lost on a family picnic. The two live together in a
 suspiciously well-decorated castle on a lake outside Celesteville. They're into
 yoga. They wear turtlenecks. One of them may even have a trim mustache.
 (Unfortunately, the book is in my daughter's room and she's asleep, so I can't
 check.
