
   
   
      
         
            Tamrazmatazz

            Roger Tamraz leads at the Washington Post --and grabs plenty of front-page space
 elsewhere. The New York Times leads with the guilty pleas entered
 by three Teamsters officials in connection with a scheme to launder
 union-election contributions. The shake-up announced at China's Communist Party
 congress leads at the Los Angeles Times , and USA Today
 goes with the record surpluses accumulating in state coffers.

            Tamraz, a naturalized American citizen from Lebanon, told the Thompson
 hearings that the only reason he gave $300,000 to the DNC was so he could gain
 high-level government support for a pet project. This sort of statement of the
 obvious is known in Washington as "candor," and especially because Tamraz
 showed up without a lawyer and smiled and laughed throughout the day, his brand
 of it was enthusiastically received by the powers that be, including the
 newspapers. The WP says he "entertained" the committee, and the
 NYT notes his quickness with one-liners. The picture running with the
 NYT story makes it look as if Tamraz was feeling the tremendous pressure
 of a prosecutorial grilling. But in fact, the only sort of question he had to
 answer was: Did you get your money's worth? ("Next time, I'll give $600,000,"
 was his reply.) The WP picture of the witness table is more in line with
 reality: Just a bunch of rich guys in suits having fun. (To get SLATE's take on the Thompson hearings, read Jacob Weisberg's daily
 dispatches.)

            The NYT details how three top campaign aides to Teamsters President
 Ron Carey pleaded guilty yesterday to funneling illegal contributions to
 Carey's re-election drive. The three stated that their scheme--disguising
 improper contributions to Carey from the AFL-CIO and other unions--involved
 officials of the DNC and of the president's re-election campaign.

            
               USAT brings news that state treasuries are billions of dollars in the
 black, primarily because the economy's surge has boosted tax revenues and
 shrunk welfare rolls.
