
   
   
      
         
            WTO Protesters: Chastise Cuba, Not Nike
            

            Starbucks and NikeTown may make irresistible targets for the anti-WTO
 protesters who have been tying up, and tearing up, Seattle. But the real
 engines behind the WTO's hesitancy to take up environmental and labor standards
 are not Nike and Boeing. They're the developing countries to which those
 standards would be applied.

            This point seems either incredibly naive (since we all know that
 multinational U.S. corporations really rule the world) or incredibly banal
 (since the WTO can't really do anything if three-quarters of its
 membership--the developing countries--disapproves). Perhaps the point is both
 naive and banal. But it's still true, and imagining that low wages and poor
 working conditions are realities imposed upon developing countries by the
 United States is a delusion that makes understanding the actual operations of
 the WTO impossible.

            It was a Cuban minister, after all, who said yesterday that
 developing nations needed to stick together, because "we produce goods and
 services with comparative advantages that they [that is, the United States and
 Europe] are trying to take away under the pretext of so-called labor
 standards." And it's Mexico, Thailand, and Indonesia who are insisting that
 those standards stay off the table, precisely because they fear that their
 inclusion in trade talks will eliminate any incentives for foreign (or even
 domestic) investment.

            Now, just because the Indonesian government is against higher labor
 standards doesn't mean either that the Indonesian people are against them
 or that we in the United States should simply defer to the wishes of
 other countries. There are powerful indigenous movements in almost every
 developing country in favor of better working conditions and higher wages, and
 in any case the fear of engaging in cultural imperialism is a poor guide to
 making policy.
