
   
   
      
         
            Nattering Nabob of Solipsism
            

            Tucker:

            Hmmph. And I feared the whole subject of children's books was a little
 lowbrow for the Breakfast Table. Maybe better for the Book Club ("Today in

                  Slate
               , Bob Herbert and Susan Sarandon on whether the felonious
 monkeys in Caps for Sale should be put to death."). One final word on
 George and Martha, courtesy of my wife: James Marshall, the author of the
 series, lived for a while in far West Texas, and he's buried in the tiny town
 of Marathon. So we're not all bad.

            Didja see Safire today? Another one of his sommelier numbers, in which he
 removes a candidate's cork and sniffs it in full view of the electorate. Who
 died and made him the judge of a pol's worthiness? (For that matter, Tucker,
 who died and made us judge?) I don't mind his taking Bradley's foreign policy
 speech apart: I appreciate his listening to it and analyzing it so I don't have
 to (I would have had to find toothpicks to keep my eyes open), but the whole
 "oracle of wisdom" aspect to his approach is beginning to tick me off. When you
 read one of his columns these days, or at least when I do, you get the sense
 that it's more about him than it is about it or them; the phrase "nattering
 nabob of solipsism" suddenly springs to mind. There's a great story about his
 self-importance circulating down here in Austin. Do you remember a couple of
 weeks ago when Safire wrote in two consecutive columns about coming to see
 Bush? As I understand it, he called Karen Hughes, Bush's communications
 director, on, like, a Thursday, and said, "I'm coming Tuesday." Not "Can I
 come?" but "I'm coming." Karen supposedly said, "Well, the governor's going to
 be out of town," to which Safire responded, "No, you don't understand, I'm
 coming Tuesday." P.S., Bush changed his schedule. Can you imagine David Broder
 pulling that crap? If the story's true, it lends credence to a theory I have
 about Safire.
