
   
   
      
         
            Bush Debates!

            MANNCHESTER, N.H.--Teflon is back. The Republican candidate who appears to
 have inherited this invisible armor from Ronald Reagan is George W. Bush, who
 finally entered the fray tonight in a Republican Presidential Forum sponsored
 by WMUR and Fox television. The two press questioners, Karen Brown and Brit
 Hume, planted various mines in his path. None detonated. Steve Forbes, Gary
 Bauer, and Alan Keyes lobbed grenades at him. They all bounced harmlessly off.


            Bush's effectiveness didn't have much to do with the quality of his answers.
 These were merely adequate, giving off in some cases a Quaylean whiff of heavy
 pre-programming, especially on foreign policy topics. Rather, Bush's appeal
 derived from his demeanor. He seemed not only at ease in the confrontational
 setting but to be enjoying himself--savoring the pleasure of being shot at and
 missed. Bush wore a jaunty grin through most of the debate, grasping the podium
 as if it were the steering wheel of a sports car. When one of the Republican
 pygmies attacked him, his grin would turn into a smirk. The smirk turned into a
 cackle when Forbes went after him for considering the possibility of raising
 the Social Security retirement age. Bush was armed with the perfect comeback: a
 column Forbes once wrote advocating exactly the same thing. He read it aloud,
 with gusto. When Bauer demanded that he commit to choosing a pro-life running
 mate, Bush felt no compulsion to respond to him at all. 

            Nor was Bush set off balance by questions designed to expose him as a
 lightweight. When Hume asked him what sort of thing he liked to read, he didn't
 come back with an insecure person's list of big books (the way Quayle once
 responded to this question by saying he was reading Plato's Republic ).
 Bush answered, "I read the newspaper." He subsequently mentioned "a book about
 Dean Acheson." It would have been interesting to quiz him further about the
 contents of this work, but the format didn't permit it.
