
   
   
      
         
            Pigeon Killers and Hate Groups
            

            Dear Katharine,

            Someone is poisoning birds in Central Park. "Between Tuesday morning and
 yesterday afternoon, 30 pigeons, 10 sparrows, one grackle and two ducks were
 found dead in the park," the New York Times reports this morning. (I did
 not know that grackles were native to Central Park; I don't think I could pick
 a grackle out of a lineup.) Park commissioner Henry Stern--himself a bit of a
 loon--admits that until autopsies are performed, they can't be certain of the
 cause of death, but everyone agrees that fowl play is likely. Evidently there
 have been signs of such bird murder since 1997. The Times continues with
 the information that "Killing the ducks, sparrows and grackle would be a
 violation of the Federal Migratory Bird Act." Reading between the lines, one
 can infer that poisoning a pigeon is not a federal offense. I guess Tom Lehrer
 would be pleased.

            If the pigeon killer is still at large, thank heavens there's a real culprit
 for the mass shooting in Los Angeles. There's something oddly reassuring about
 having a suspect in custody, and having him be an avowed racist to boot. So
 many of these shootings end up with the guy killing himself, which makes the
 entire incident impossible to grasp. Here is Buford Furrow, a suspect very easy
 to grasp: a longtime affiliate of the Aryan Nations who is obsessed with guns
 and mass murder and who eventually tips over from theory into practice.

            About the only part of it I don't get are the peculiar reports about his
 getaway strategy. On the run in Los Angeles, Furrow abandons his van and
 carjacks a Toyota. That all makes sense. Then he supposedly kills a mail
 carrier? Why? The Toyota is found abandoned "in the parking lot of the 7-Star
 Suites Hotel," according to today's Los Angeles Times . Then, we're told,
 Furrow hailed a cab in the San Fernando Valley and took it to Las Vegas, an
 $800 fare.
