
   
   
      
         
            Labor Pains

            The WTO continues to dominate, leading at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles
 Times . The New York Times
 off-leads the story, going instead with the official start Thursday of Northern
 Ireland's new home-rule, power-sharing government, a story nobody else fronts.
 The new Cabinet met in Belfast yesterday for the first time and the
 Times quotes one attendee as enthused about the personal relationships
 he saw there between former Protestant and Catholics foes. The only discordant
 note was sounded by the two hard-line Protestant Cabinet members, who boycotted
 the meeting and held a press conference ominously urging people not to "get
 carried away about new dawns and new days having arrived in Northern
 Ireland."

            The WP lead details much local ferment about the way the Seattle police handled the
 anti-WTO demonstrators and the NYT inside has an excellent up-close on
 some of the self-proclaimed anarchists thought to have been responsible for
 much of the violence and destruction on Seattle's streets. But the general
 thrust of the WTO reporting is that with the discord outside the trade meeting
 pretty much subsiding, there was a chance to focus finally on the discord
 inside. The LAT refers to the meeting as a potential "fiasco." The most
 divisive policy point is centered on President Clinton's suggestion earlier in
 the week that countries failing to meet basic labor standards might be subject
 to WTO sanctions. The coverage reports that this was rejected by business
 leaders, and many delegates from the European Union and developing countries,
 who view such standards as thinly veiled protectionism. The NYT quotes a
 trade minister from Pakistan as threatening to "explode the meeting" if the
 proposal goes forward. To further confuse things, the LAT and NYT
 quote Clinton administration players as saying that the official U.S. WTO
 negotiation position does not include the sanction idea.

            The WP reports that just prior to leaving Seattle, President Clinton
 signed a bill banning extreme conditions of child labor, citing as he did so
 the examples of Brazil, Pakistan, and Guatemala.
