
   
   
      
         
            Call Guys

            All three majors working the weekend agree on today's lead: the decision by
 Janet Reno to begin the investigative process that could result in appointing
 an independent counsel to investigate President Clinton's 1996 election
 fund-raising activities. This news comes on the heels of Reno's decision two
 weeks ago to take the same look at Al Gore.

            The Washington Post says the decision is based on new
 information developed by federal investigators that Clinton may have made
 campaign fund solicitation calls from the White House, and reports that the
 White House response is two-pronged: Clinton says he doesn't remember making
 such calls, and there is no clear legal precedent to show that they would be
 illegal anyway.

            The New York Times
 calls the Reno decision a "potential turning point" in that "until now, the
 investigation buffeting the administration had swirled around the Oval Office
 but had not touched Clinton personally...."

            The new evidence apparently includes solicitation call sheets that were
 prepared for Clinton, for calls to fat cats who indisputably gave money to the
 DNC. What's in dispute is whether Clinton actually made the calls. The NYT
 refers to a call sheet for beer baron August Busch IV. The WP opts
 instead for ones for a Maryland businessman and for Frank Zappa's widow Gail.
 The natural assumption that all the papers had access to the same call sheets
 leads to a homework assignment: Does the WP or Newsweek or any
 Post company television station carry Busch product ads?

            Only the Los Angeles Times makes the observation that puts this
 development in the proper context: Clinton has already been under the scrutiny
 of a special prosecutor for three years. (Remember Whitewater?)

            Clinton wasn't informed until Saturday--he was in California on his way to a
 $1 million fund-raiser (!)--which meant that the story was kept out of Friday
 headlines and newscasts.
