
   
   
      
         
            Twitchy Bush; Extraterrestrial Forbes
            

            Evan:

            I was happy to see you refer to a restaurant where "people smoke freely at
 their tables" as "unsullied," just as I was discouraged but not surprised to
 learn that cowboys in Marfa, Texas, are dreaming about easy IPO riches. At
 least they're smoking as they do it. Someday even cowboys will be smoke-free
 and doing Tae-Bo, and America will have lost something.

            Pardon me, but I'm in a nostalgic mood. Must be the effect of watching last
 night's debate. Bush did a decent job, I thought, but he just didn't come
 across the way he did six months ago. He seemed far stiffer and more programmed
 than I remember. His physical restlessness, which always stuck me as
 appealingly energetic and vital, all of a sudden seemed twitchy and nervous.
 Part of it is context. Bush is so much better in person than he is behind a
 microphone that people who've experienced him only through television must be
 baffled by his endorsements and fund-raising success. But it's more than that.
 I think he's changed.

            This spring, for instance, I asked Bush about his reading habits. He was
 pretty straightforward about preferring page-long briefing memos from his staff
 and sports on TV. He didn't pull a Dan Quayle and brag about reading Plato in
 the original Latin. But last night when Brit Hume asked him what he was
 reading, Bush boldly claimed to be immersed in "a book on Dean Acheson."

            There's nothing wrong with not reading books about Dean Acheson. There is
 something awful about pretending you do. Hume's a pretty nice guy, so he didn't
 hit Bush with the obvious and tempting follow-up questions: A book about Dean
 Acheson, huh? Quick: What's the title of the book? Who wrote it? How many terms
 did Acheson serve as vice president? That's a trick question, Gov. Gotcha.

            But the Acheson phoniness wasn't Bush's real problem last night. He did
 himself the greatest damage when he agreed to appear with the other five
 candidates in the first place.
