
   
   
      
         
            Internet: Lots of Balls

            The Washington Post leads with Washington, D.C., officials'
 decision to reopen two homicide cases and their pledge to revamp the city's
 supervision of 150 group homes for the mentally disabled, all in response to a
 Sunday Post story revealing that in the nation's capital, officials
 routinely don't investigate the suspicious deaths of retarded people. The
 Los Angeles
 Times lead is what the Post went with yesterday: the decision by
 AT&T to give competing Internet service providers access to its high-speed
 cable network. The New York Times
 runs this inside, leading instead with the trend in many states to aggressively
 enforce truancy laws that threaten parents with fines and jail time. The story
 stuns early with this statistic: Last year, more than one-third of Detroit's
 public school students missed more than a month of classes. USA Today ,
 which also runs AT&T inside, leads with the claim that the Federal Election
 Commission will have increasing trouble doing its job of enforcing federal
 election laws because of the upsurge of work brought about by the most
 expensive election cycle ever.

            The Post lead points out the limits of good journalism when it
 reminds the reader that Washington, D.C., still hasn't implemented the reforms
 it promised in response to a Post series done earlier this year on abuse
 in those group homes. Obviously, the city needs to bring in people with more
 investigative talent and a better sense of the bureaucracy than those calling
 the shots now. How about hiring (in jobs with real power) some of the
 Post reporters who keep nailing these stories?

            The USAT FEC lead raises more questions than it answers: Why exactly
 is this election cycle producing more work for the agency? The story mentions
 the rise of complaints about "issue ads," but is that the sole cause? And what
 do independent experts think? The only people quoted by name in the story are
 FEC personnel, which is less than convincing since it's in the interest of
 every government agency to cry being underbudgeted and understaffed.
