
   
   
      
         
            Hanukkah and Combination Skin
            

            Dear Margo,

            An editor at 
                  Slate
               --a Jew--notes that we are ideally
 matched partners because we share an obsession with the Chosen People. So I am
 sure you will understand my feelings of discomfort on this third day of
 Hanukkah.

            As originally conceived, Hanukkah was a celebration of Jewish resistance to
 a Greek invasion. It has evolved into a test of our ability to withstand a
 grease invasion. For the last few days, Jews around the world have consumed an
 unspeakable amount of a delicacy called latkes--potato pancakes cooked in vats
 of oil. Today, I am sorry to report, this Jew is doing a terrible job of
 resisting the grease. December is already an unkind month for those of us with
 combination skin. But on this third day of latkes, many of us awoke to find
 that our faces haven't been this splotchy since our bar mitzvahs. A little
 sympathy (Margo) or a suggestion for a home-remedy (Prudie), please ...

            I am currently en route to Phoenix for tonight's debate between the
 Republican presidential nominees. Yes, there is a debate tonight. Yes, Massa
 George W. Bush will be there. But oddly, John McCain won't be in his home
 state. The way I understand it, he'll be piped in via satellite from New
 Hampshire. I happen to think that this is the latest in a series of shrewd
 moves by the Angry White Candidate, who graces the cover of Time
 magazine this week. Let Bush share the stage with Alan Keyes and Gary Bauer and
 Steve Forbes. It can only help to diminish him. Meanwhile, John McCain looks
 above the fray in his remote studio. (And if he gets a tough question, he can
 always claim that technical problems have prevented him from hearing it.)

            This same group of GOPers got together last week and pretty much exhausted
 pretty much every available topic of contention. Therefore, I predict tonight
 will be especially raucous.
