
   
   
      
         
            May the Best-Looking Man Win
            

            Frank--ohmyGod, I had no idea I was thought to be obsessive about the Chosen
 People. Who started that base canard? Believe me, having married two Jews and
 being now entangled with a third hardly makes up for my almost total lack of
 information re the history of our people. I absolutely thought, until last
 year, that Hanukkah celebrated the loaves and fishes being miraculously lit by
 an oil lamp. Perhaps I have managed to fool a few people because I know some
 Yiddish. As for the latkes, I went to a divine 40 th -birthday party
 yesterday afternoon where the menu was latkes and birthday cake. Of course I
 realize that such a party could only happen here, in egghead heaven ...
 Cambridge, home of Harvard. And if you're really serious about a home remedy
 for grease-induced skin eruptions, try toothpaste. As for sympathy, I have
 oodles for you--probably from guilt, because my skin is probably the feature I
 am most known for.

            Well, now that I have managed to touch on a bit of my marital history, my
 religious ignorance, announcing where I live, and a zit treatment, let's push
 away that plate of latkes and get serious. Now comes the part where I reveal
 what I believe to be a sin: envy. How I wish I, too, could be winging to
 Phoenix to see those rummies go at it again. (I trust you are e'ing me from the
 little phone in the seat, making each minute cost Mike Kinsley about $2.80,
 making your words, indeed, golden.)

            I am probably skirting another sin, here, but I can't get away from
 evaluating the Republican candidates' looks. Keyes, I guess, is classically
 attractive, but he looks like he just managed to run away from his attendant.
 Bush perhaps could be considered good-looking, but you can see the ongoing war
 of his muscles trying to rein in the smirk. Bauer looks like the polymer clay
 model for an animated cartoon figure, and Forbes ... well, Forbes could use
 some of the toothpaste.
