
   
   
      
         
            PAC Men Yes, Pac Man No

            At the Los Angeles Times and Washington Post the lead story is the investigation of Bill
 Clinton's fund raising. At USA Today , it's IRS abuses. And the New York Times
 goes with a new national database designed to catch deadbeat parents.

            The LAT lead describes how Republican leaders are intensifying their
 drive to get Janet Reno to appoint an independent counsel to investigate
 Clinton's alleged campaign-fund soliciting. ( USAT also has a front-page
 story on this upwelling of Republican pressure.) The LAT has Sen. Orrin
 Hatch saying that Reno should have commenced a review "seven months ago," and
 that, "It seems to me there's politics being played all the way around."

            But the WP lead reports a nonpolitical if not exactly
 confidence-inspiring cause of the delay: The records of Clinton's White House
 fund-raising calls, although turned over to a Department of Justice task force
 months ago, were not examined by the relevant DOJ attorneys until a few days
 ago.

            The LAT goes front page with the results of a survey it did of
 corporate political giving. Of the 544 biggest U.S. corporations, the paper
 reports, 26 percent made no political contributions and didn't operate PACs
 during the 1995-1996 election cycle. Included in this number are IBM, Campbell
 Soup, and Gillette.

            The NYT lead tells of the inauguration on Oct. 1 of a federally
 administered "vast database" of all new hires in jobs nationwide that is
 expected to yield a considerable increase--possibly billions--in the payment of
 child support. That's because states will be able to use the directory to
 locate deadbeat parents and dun them, typically by getting court orders that
 force their employers to deduct the owed child support from paychecks. The
 Times does however quote a privacy expert who expressed concern that
 "private detectives will find a friend in the police department or a child
 welfare office to give them access to information" from the new database.
