
   
   
      
         
            Speak Roughly to Your Little Boy

            Culturebox took a certain amount of heat from you, dear readers, for her

 paean last week to the electronic baby sitter--television, that is--and for
 calling children "annoying little buggers." Your most common reaction: "This is
 precisely the defeatist type of attitude that could eventually bring the
 beloved American civilization down." Your second most common reaction: "Maybe
 Judith Shulevich [ sic ] and people like her who think of children as
 'annoying little buggers' should think about sterilization." Those who didn't
 advocate voluntary tubal ligation (I hope that was what you were advocating)
 thought religion was in order.

            Culturebox will appeal to history, that defense of scoundrels, to argue that
 television seems a pretty harmless way to distract children, at least when you
 compare it to the alternatives. Here are a few of the methods of
 child-restraint practiced by our forefathers and foremothers--many of whom were
 patriotic, religious, and of high moral character: swaddling their children,
 depriving them of food (it was thought to keep babies quiet), tying them to
 chairs, and beating them severely. If infants persisted in bawling or shitting
 or generally irking, it could be assumed they were changelings--spawns of the
 devil--in which case they were turned out of doors or killed. Children were
 routinely told horrifying tales about gruesome creatures lurking nearby, ready
 to devour them if they so much as left their beds. A popular technique for
 moral edification was taking a child to a public execution.

            The tender empathy for children's every need and want that we take for
 granted is little over a century old--about the same age as psychoanalysis and
 the notion of child-care expertise. It is due for revision. A return to
 exorcism may be excessive, but there is plenty of evidence that children are
 hardier than previously thought (see, for instance, this essay
 by Judith Rich Harris, or read her book The Nurture Assumption: Why Children Turn Out the Way They
 Do ).
