
   
   
      
         
            When Will the Seagram Building Fall Down?

            In May, Chatterbox asked Vincent Scully, the eminent (now retired) Yale
 architecture historian, whether public buildings of the mid-to-late
 20 th century were less durable than public buildings that predate
 the 20 th century. Of course they
 are, he said. Now Scully has penned a New York Times Magazine piece on this topic. In the
 last of the Times Magazine 's special issues on the millennium, Scully
 writes,

            

               
                  Our steel-frame and curtain-wall skyscrapers are major symbols of our
 age, but there is every reason to surmise they won't be here for long. Their
 life expectancy is 50 years or so, and that assumes assiduous
 maintenance.
               

            

            Reading this, Chatterbox was chilled to the bone. If Scully is right,
 Chatterbox realized, that means New York's Seagram
 Building has only a decade or two to go before it falls over. Thinking
 about that made Chatterbox very blue. Even though Mies van der Rohe and Philip
 Johnson's landmark building has inspired a host of ugly imitations (including
 the Martin Luther King
 Memorial Library in Washington, D.C.--also designed by Mies--which
 essentially is the Seagram Building knocked on its side), Chatterbox has a
 strong attachment to the Seagram Building. It was born the same year Chatterbox
 was, 1958. Chatterbox's maternal grandfather worked for a company that supplied
 the bronze used in its handsome spandrels, mullions, and I-beams. And when
 Chatterbox was a wee cube, Pappy Chatterbox had an office in the Seagram
 Building. Chatterbox is far from the only person with a strong attachment to
 the skyscraper; in an essay in an earlier millennium issue of the Times
 Magazine , Herbert Muschamp proclaimed the Seagram Building "my choice as
 the millennium's most important building."

            Eventually, Chatterbox got sufficiently worked up thinking about the
 possibility that the Seagram Building might fall down that he phoned Scully,
 who reassured Chatterbox that when he wrote those words in the Times
 piece he wasn't thinking of the Seagram building.
