
   
   
      
         
            Evening of the Yo-yos
            

            Frank:

            You are too generous about my Prudie credentials, but judging from the New
 Hampshire debate (tonight's being a few hours away) I thought they were all
 displaying manners up the ying-yang, to the point of ... well, being mannered.
 Do manners matter in politics? I'm afraid not, though if one were to cross the
 line in an extremely obvious way, negative reaction might bubble up--but not
 necessarily because the guy appeared to be rude but because he would appear to
 be desperate. When it comes to the authenticity quotient, I--being older, if
 not wiser--have pretty much written that off. All of them, Democrats and
 Republicans, are so cautious about image that whatever "real" characteristics
 seep out they serve as kind of personality tea leaves. Bradley is probably the
 most "authentic," and even he's had a little coaching.

            Since I know you have a little time to kill before you go to work tonight,
 I've rustled up the news equivalent of junk food to give you sustenance for the
 upcoming Evening of the Yo-yos. Stuever in the Washington Post has a
 dishy piece on the Kennedy Center Honors, backstage, if you will. This
 interested me because a former husband (not one of the Jews) was on the
 Artists' Committee, and I always enjoyed the event. En passant I read
 that the former Ritz Carlton (nee the Fairfax) has been rechristened the Westin
 Fairfax. This interested me because a former husband (one of the Jews) used to
 own it. Also of interest was our president recalling his visit to the Parthenon
 (owned by no one I was married to) wondering what our civilization's
 monument would be. I'm guessing a 40-story black beret.

            There are big doings in the divorce arena. The daughter of Faith Whittlesley
 (Reagan chum and twice ambassador to Switzerland) is divorcing a Rockefeller
 relly named O'Neill. Putting aside that the once happy couple might do well to
 reside with the attendant from whom Alan Keyes escaped, the big frou-fra is
 that heretofore secret Rockefeller Trust details may wind up in a Florida
 court!
