
   
   
      
         
            He's Going to the Long Bomb ... YES!

            The Los
 Angeles Times and USA Today lead with President Clinton's call for
 ratification of a comprehensive nuclear test ban. The New York Times
 leads with the imminent return--under very tight regulations--of the approved
 use of thalidomide. And the Washington Post goes with Clinton's first comments about
 his 1996 fund-raising activities since Janet Reno announced she was taking a
 look at them that might lead to an independent counsel.

            Clinton's advocacy of the test ban came during his speech yesterday at the
 United Nations. USAT reminds readers that Clinton was the first leader
 in the world to sign the treaty a year ago, and says his position sets the
 stage for a confrontation with congressional Republicans. Additionally, the
 paper points out that in his speech, Clinton also promised that the United
 States would pay off the bulk of the $1.5 billion in back dues it owes the
 United Nations, and supported a special international court to prosecute crimes
 against humanity.

            The LAT lead about Clinton's U.N. appearance covers the same basic
 material, but also has some good background on the test-ban treaty, stating
 that the chief domestic-policy obstacle to a ban since Eisenhower first sought
 one is the fear that the United States cannot maintain its nuclear deterrent
 without testing. The paper points out that Clinton is trying to address the
 former problem by ensuring that a $4.5-billion annual nontest-explosion
 research program will adequately maintain the nation's nuke stockpile. The
 WP and NYT put their coverage inside. The Times has the
 detail that the ban may take a long time to go into effect because the 44
 countries believed to have some sort of nuclear capability would have to
 approve it first. It's amazing to live in a world where that number doesn't
 make the front page.

            The WP reports that Clinton said yesterday that he and Vice President
 Gore "believed we were acting within the letter of the law" when raising funds
 for the '96 campaign.
