
   
   
      
         
            Ghosts of Trotsky in Arizona
            

            Margo,

            It makes me happy that you feel comfortable calling me Massa Honey and I
 like the idea of Gary Bauer dolls. Evangelical children across the country will
 want one for Christmas. When you rub Gary's belly, he says, "Welcome the unborn
 into the world" and then emits a cute little giggle. I am contrarian on the
 subject of Gary Bauer. Let's set aside any of our quibbles with his positions.
 I actually think he's a smart, ideologically consistent guy who makes his case
 in a reasonable way. But far more than Keyes is hobbled by race, Bauer is
 hobbled by looks. No profile can resist mentioning that he's short and looks
 like a lizard. Last night, Gary's questioning of Bush was especially shrewd. He
 asked whether Chinese bad behavior would ever deserve sanctions: Would Bush
 want to punish them if they doubled the number of slave-labor camps? Increased
 tenfold the number of forced abortions? It made Bush squirm. Bauer really has
 played a big role in helping put the China issue on the table, and he deserves
 credit for this.

            Let me bore you with a few Bauer tidbits: 1) Bush thinks Bauer is a nitwit
 and has never had patience for the guy. Bush looked physically pained being
 questioned by him. 2) The McCain people are afraid that Bauer will be the
 social conservative to survive the New Hampshire primary. Their fear: Bauer
 will tag team with Bush to beat up on McCain because McCain isn't pro-life
 enough. This is what I love about watching the leadership of the religious
 right. They are the closest living things to Trotskyites. (I should know. Full
 disclosure: Trotsky was my cousin. The family never forgave him for changing
 his name from Bronstein.) They think about politics and power in a way far more
 calculating than we can imagine. They will enter into popular-front alliances
 to force their issues onto the agenda. And they bicker among themselves
 endlessly.
