
   
   
      
         
            Who's Afraid of an Internet Tax?

            Judging from the last two Republican presidential debates, the new big issue
 in this campaign is taxation of Internet commerce. Or rather, since none of the
 candidates wants to tax Internet commerce right now, the issue is who is
 most committed to extending the current congressional moratorium on taxing
 Internet commerce, which runs out in 2001. Writing in the Wall Street
 Journal on Dec. 6, John Simons and John Harwood identified Internet
 taxation as a "21 st century wedge issue" for George W. Bush, who
 says he wants to extend the moratorium but won't rule out Internet taxes in the
 future. In the zany context of the Republican nomination race, this makes Bush
 a tax-and-spend liberal. Here's how Simons and Harwood explained Bush's
 political dilemma:

            

               
                  The issue pits traditionally Republican Main Street business proprietors
 against the highflying Silicon Valley entrepreneurs who have contributed more
 to Mr. Bush's campaign than any other. It also pits the GOP's vocal band of
 antitax economic conservatives against many of the Republican governors whom
 Mr. Bush is relying upon to support his primary campaign. ... The reason that
 Mr. Bush and his gubernatorial backers are loath to support a permanent ban is
 they tend to rely heavily on sales taxes to fund their state
 governments.
               

            

            The Republican governors, of course, have it exactly right. It's totally
 unfair that Internet businesses can sell their wares without making customers
 pay state sales taxes, given that bricks-and-mortar stores are obliged to make
 their customers pay state sales taxes. A reasonable alternative to
 taxing Internet commerce would be for all 50 states to eliminate sales taxes
 altogether and make up the lost revenue with increased or new state income
 taxes. But don't hold your breath for Republicans (or even Democrats) to
 embrace that redistributionist solution anytime soon.
