
   
   
      
         
            The Pornographer Who Didn't Bark

            So, Newt Gingrich has been having an affair with congressional aide Callista
 Bisek for six years--since before the Republican Revolution of 1994. Why didn't
 Larry Flynt tell us about it when it mattered? You remember: Flynt, the
 pornographer, and his crack team of snoops were going to blast the lid off the
 hypocritical Republican Congress that was trying to impeach a president over
 sex, etc. Flynt offered up to $1 million in reward money. Yet here one of
 Flynt's juiciest potential targets was cheating, and Flynt didn't blow his
 cover.

            Did Flynt fail to find out about Gingrich and Bisek? No, according to Allan
 MacDonell, executive editor of Flynt's Hustler magazine. MacDonell told
 kausfiles that "we had some information" on Gingrich--indeed,
 Hustler had compiled a "good dossier" on the speaker before he resigned
 his office after the Nov. 1998 elections. Did that dossier include the Bisek
 matter? "Yes." So why didn't Flynt expose the affair? "We were holding back."
 Why hold back? MacDonell said that Bisek was a "private" citizen, which caused
 some concern, but also that Hustler "wanted to see what Gingrich was
 going to do next as far as his career was concerned."

            Hmmm. In early 1999, while the Clinton impeachment was pending before the
 Senate, Republicans charged that Flynt was blackmailing anti-Clinton
 congressmen. This came after Flynt's investigator, Dan Moldea, told the
 Washington Times, "We have a lot of these guys, dead bang, and the
 evidence is clear. But they haven't been going on TV, or on the floor of
 Congress, shooting their mouths off, trying to take the moral high ground
 against Clinton. And as a consequence, we're throwing it back in the river." If
 a Republican "hasn't been shooting his mouth off," Moldea said, "we let him
 go."

            And, come to think of it, Gingrich was kind of uncharacteristically
 quiet during the impeachment mess, wasn't he? ...

            Did Gingrich know Flynt had the goods on him?
