
   
   
      
         
            How 'Bout That Yahoo!?
            

            On a day when the Nasdaq reached yet another all-time high, the most
 astounding move was made by Yahoo, which leapt 24 percent, adding more than $17
 billion to its market capitalization. Yahoo is joining the S&P 500 tomorrow
 (making it only the second Internet company, after AOL, to do so), and in the
 week since its addition to the index was announced its share price has risen
 almost 150 points.

            The situation, at least today, boiled down to too much demand chasing too
 little supply. Index funds, which track the S&P directly, had to buy shares
 of Yahoo in proportion to its market cap, since the S&P is market-cap
 weighted. And since there are plenty of mutual fund managers out there who try
 to mimic the S&P--while charging significantly more in fees than an index
 fund--there was other institutional money chasing Yahoo as well. And as the
 company's shares became more expensive, funds had to buy more of them (because
 of the market-cap weighting). The result was a virtuous circle for sellers and
 a truly vicious one for buyers.

            Still, the picture seems a bit more complicated than this, because the
 average trade in Yahoo today was just 503 shares. Needless to say, most
 institutions are not buying stock in 500-share lots, so that means that a great
 deal of the action today was driven by individual investors and, most likely,
 day traders hoping to ride the stock's momentum and to get out before the
 eventual fall. Today was, in that sense, a moment when this decade's crucial
 stock-market trends--indexing, momentum investing, individual investing, and
 the Internet--converged to make Yahoo investors very happy indeed.

            It's almost certain that the stock will fall in days to come, but its ride
 up has been so furious, and the company is such a good one, that it would be
 surprising if the tumble were too precipitous. In any case, the most important
 thing about Yahoo's addition to the S&P is not the effect on its stock
 price.
