
   
   
      
         
            Looking Backward
            

            I'm going to sidestep your question of whether the information revolution
 has changed the nature of the "good life," and point out that your description
 of Bell as a "conservative in culture" clarifies some of what seemed so cloudy
 in The Coming of Post-Industrial Society . Bell's fleeting discussion of
 the "sixties" cultural events--so in the foreground of American life circa
 1973--is somewhat startling with hindsight. After all, the '60s was the decade
 standing between the last hurrah of an industrial age (the '50s), and the
 ascendance of a service-centered economy in the '70s (with all the doubts that
 came along with it--like Japanese manufacturing eroding the foundation of the
 American economy; an assessment that reflected suspicion of an economy's
 ability to thrive on building services rather than things). As an early
 indicator of what the post-industrial world might look like (Woodstock 1999?),
 the '60s would have been a good decade for Bell to examine in this book. Yet
 he's far more interested in, say, 1860, and the goings-on inside Karl's head,
 than what was happening on some upstate New York farm. Your description of
 Bell's cultural conservatism makes me wonder whether his decision to ignore the
 cultural effects of post-industrial society had to do with his personal
 distaste for the "counterculture" hippie freaknik thing I've seen in old
 newsreels.

            It's an unfortunate omission because it's precisely this cultural
 "information revolution" that has changed our world and defined our
 post-industrial society--the same information revolution that allowed amplified
 music to be synchronized with lights using "feedback" (i.e. information about
 the system) to produce a psychedelic experience. Or the information embedded on
 plastic films that allowed 8-track tapes to alter the way one experienced a day
 on the beach. The entire '60s thing was a product of an information
 revolution--one that initially empowered everyday people to personalize their
 media diet, eroding the principle of mass experiences through media, and
 enhancing tribal impulses to identify with your clique.
