
   
   
      
         
            A New Bill

            At the New York Times ,
 the lead story is the strongest indication yet from the Clinton administration
 that U.S. troops may remain in Bosnia past the originally stated pull-out date.
 At the Los
 Angeles Times , it's the announcement (made while Al Gore was in Moscow
 on a state visit) that Russia has promised to stop making weapons-grade
 plutonium. Both the Washington Post and USA Today
 lead with new prospects for a campaign finance reform bill.

            The bi-partisan McCain-Feingold campaign reform bill, which would ban
 unregulated "soft money" donations, and which has been languishing in the
 Senate for quite a while, got a new lease on life Tuesday when President
 Clinton threatened in a letter to Majority Leader Trent Lott to force Congress
 to stay in session to vote on the measure. The WP elaborates a bit on
 the presidential power to keep Congress in session, and points out that it
 hasn't been exercised since Harry Truman called back the "Do-Nothing" Congress
 in 1948. The paper also illustrates Trent Lott's aggravation at the gambit,
 quoting his warning: "The president has lots of conferences, legislation,
 appropriations and fast-track [trade authority] that he wants to get through.
 Threats don't serve him very well." USAT states that the Clinton letter
 was one of several moves "trying to deflect attention from the president's own
 fund-raising role in the 1996 election," and quotes bill opponent Sen. Mitch
 McConnell as saying, "President Clinton calling for campaign-finance reform is
 like Bonnie and Clyde calling for bank regulations.''

            The Times reports that national security advisor Sandy Berger said
 Tuesday the U.S. and its European allies must be prepared for an extended stay
 in Bosnia. The paper says the comments were designed to counter congressional
 Republicans who want to cut off spending for the mission, and to calm the fears
 of allies, who don't want to station their troops in Bosnia without ours.
