
   
   
      
         
            Go, Times, Go!
            

            Margo,

            I am in no mood to mini-boycott the Times this morning. (Perhaps I will have a change of heart
 tomorrow.) In fact, as I write this I am turning toward 43rd Street and
 saluting in the direction of culture editor John Darton and the family
 Sulzberger. I am ecstatic about their appointment of Elvis Mitchell and A.O.
 ("Tony") Scott as tag-team replacements for outgoing film critic Janet Maslin.
 (See this morning's New York Observer .) Allow me to
 write the press release: This may be the best--and certainly the most
 interesting--lineup of film critics that the Times
 has ever fronted. Daily film critics are generally a sorry lot. They have to
 contend with so much Hollywood hokum that they're driven to overuse of
 overwrought literary pyrotechnics and banal humor. (There are exceptions, such
 as Roger Ebert and the Wall Street Journal 's Joe
 Morgenstern.) But I am guessing the new-look New York
 Times crew will be the bright shining lights in their dim profession.
 Mitchell, currently with NPR and the Fort Worth
 Star-Telegram , has the perfect sensibility for writing about a steady
 profusion of disaster movies and romantic comedies. He's a hipster with a canny
 understanding of the popular culture. It's hard to imagine him praising every
 Steven Spielberg flick that comes his way, but it's hard to imagine him
 dismissing them outright either. Plus, he can write wonderfully scathing pans.
 Scott, on the other hand, brings intellectual heft. As far as I know, he hasn't
 done much in the way of film reviewing. But this is a plus. It will be fun to
 watch him get his legs.

            There are other reasons for a rosy cultural outlook
 this morning. (Be cheery, Margo!) A piece in the Washington Post notes the demise of rap impresario Puff Daddy--the
 Skip Gates of hip-hop. Fans have backlashed against Puffy, accusing him of
 exploiting the death of his friend and collaborator, the Notorious B.
