
   
   
      
         
            In Praise of Clinton's Brain

            In his Dec. 9 press conference, Bill Clinton, perhaps inadvertently,
 stimulated some thoughts about his presidential legacy. Asked who he would name
 as man of the century, Clinton chose Franklin Roosevelt (reportedly Time
 magazine has made the same choice). Clinton told the famous story of Roosevelt,
 on first being elected president in 1932, visiting the nonagenarian Supreme
 Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, prompting Holmes to observe that while
 Roosevelt didn't have a first-class mind, he had a first-class temperament.

            By now it's well understood that Clinton lacks a first-class, or even a
 second-class, temperament. He can't control his impulses, especially the
 libidinal ones; he has an unattractive tendency to blame other people for his
 problems; he has a terrifyingly effective gift for misleading and,
 occasionally, telling outright lies. People who work for him rarely come away
 from the experience with a high opinion of his character. Chatterbox continues to
 believe that the nation (and, without question, Al Gore) would have been
 better off had Clinton chosen to resign the presidency in the summer of
 1998.

            But though Clinton lacks a first-class temperament, he possesses a
 first-class mind. By this, Chatterbox doesn't mean only that Clinton is
 knowledgeable and smart; Jimmy Carter and Richard Nixon were knowledgeable and
 smart, too, but they weren't particularly good presidents. As the former Carter
 speechwriter James Fallows* famously observed in an Atlantic Monthly
 article, "The Passionless Presidency," Carter had a habit of deploying his
 intelligence toward pathetically small matters like deciding who could use the
 White House tennis court. Nixon, meanwhile, was someone whose brilliance
 blended seamlessly into paranoia, doing serious damage to his judgment. Clinton, by contrast, is
 someone whose brain (unlike other parts of his body) seems always to be
 deployed in just the right places, shining light on an astonishing variety of
 important matters.
