
   
   
      
         
            They Got Game
            

            Prudie,

            I'm beginning to think that it's my role in life to cheer you up. Because
 I'm stuck covering these guys for the next year, I have to take a much rosier
 view. Otherwise, I'd be a miserable kvetch. And I genuinely think that each of
 the top four presidential contenders (Bradley, McCain, Bush, Gore) possesses
 interesting attributes. Neither Gore nor Bradley may be dynamic campaigners,
 but they're solid, serious wonks. They have a history of putting important
 issues on the map--Bradley took on tax reform and the Soviet Union; Gore has
 the environment, technology, etc. Both have bucked the party line on big
 issues. Meanwhile, Bush and McCain are tinkering with conservatism in an
 interesting fashion. They have little patience for libertarians, and they have
 a relatively expansive role for the federal government in their policies. To
 listen to Bush talk about compassionate conservatism is to realize that
 Republicans may have learned something from Newt Gingrich's disastrous reign as
 party leader. Look at the way that Republicans are talking about education this
 year. During the Newt era, Republicans objected to all forms of national
 education testing and standards. They would spout ridiculous hyperbole about
 the "educrats." Anything the Department of Education touches, they would
 scream, will turn to liberal shit. It hurt your ears to hear their screeds. Now
 Bush has a plan that includes national standards and tests. You can dispute his
 plan on the merits, but it's innovative.

            There's a front-pager in the Washington Post on the "eye chip," a
 nifty little innovation that could cure blindness. Somehow, it involves a
 camera mounted on a pair of glasses that transmits signals to the brain. Pretty
 damn cool. That means it's not a far stretch to imagine that someday soon
 sports junkies will be able to have ESPN transmitted straight to their brains.
 Speaking of vision, I am giving some thought to laser eye surgery.
