
   
   
      
         
            Mergers and Inquisitions

            The Washington Post and New York Times
 lead with a big Wall St. merger. USA Today and the Los Angeles
 Times go with citizens' revelations of IRS abuses.

            The Wall St. news is that Travelers Group announced yesterday a $9 billion
 deal in which it will acquire Salomon Inc. and merge it with its Smith Barney
 unit, thereby creating the nation's second-largest investment bank. The
 development, coming on the heels of February's similarly-sized merger of Morgan
 Stanley and Dean Witter, is widely viewed as signaling the onset of even
 further combinations of banks, brokerages and insurance companies. In setting
 out the basics, both papers tend towards breathlessness. This deal, says the
 Post , gives Salomon "cachet" overseas and "brings together two of the
 liveliest personalities in finance today: Travelers Chairman Sanford I. Weill,
 respected as one of Wall Street's savviest dealmakers, and billionaire investor
 Warren E. Buffett...." Also, the Post gets so caught up it quoted one
 Wall St. guru as saying the merged company has "all the ingredients to be
 competitive with the bulge-bracket firms," but forgets to explain what that
 term means. And the NYT seems thrilled to relate that the deal was first
 broached over duck and oysters beside the pool at the Four Seasons Hotel. Leave
 it to USAT to be detached enough from the buzz of it all to wonder if
 the resultant dwindling number of competitors in the brokerage field will lead
 to higher costs for individual investors.

            The LAT gives a lot of its top front to taxpayers' testimony at a
 Senate hearing investigating the IRS. Besides a large headline over the story
 proper--"Taxpayers Tell of Mistreatment: IRS Issues Apology"--there's also a
 large photo of one witness and thumbnails of others, all under the headline,
 "Taxpayer Horror Stories." The paper calls the hearings "unprecedented" and
 includes details from witness accounts of being hounded by overzealous and
 incompetent agents.
