
   
   
      
         
            Post-Mayhem Hindsight
            

            Dear Jim:

            With the eclipse behind us, I'm glad to see that you are finding other
 outlets for your nature appreciation in NYC, even if it is limited to clucking
 over coverage of Central Park's poisoned birds.

            Here's what I don't understand about the case of Buford O. Furrow Jr. A guy
 shows up to a psychiatric hospital apparently for treatment and then threatens
 to stab the staff. Arrested following this assault, he confesses racist
 fantasies to the police, telling them: "Sometimes I feel like I could just lose
 it and kill people." He then goes to jail for 165 days. Less than five months
 after his release, he loses it and goes on a racist shooting spree.

            Didn't anyone--the cops or the threatened psychiatric staff--suggest any
 further evaluation of this man's marbles? And if so, where's the evidence of
 it? None of the news reports I've read give any real details about the cop's or
 hospital's records of this fine moment of community policing and mental health
 care. The New York Times just cites the spokesperson for the
 prosecutors' office that convicted Buford saying that he couldn't be held in
 jail any longer for his first-offense crime of assault.

            True, my reaction may be the worst kind of post-mayhem 20-20 hindsight: "Why
 didn't someone do something?!" Who knows? Maybe 10 violent racists a day show
 up in the average clink claiming they have fantasies of killing people, and
 it's impossible to know whom to take seriously. But it's incredible to think
 that a man who is so out of control when he brings himself to a mental hospital
 that he's arrested doesn't go right back into a mental hospital or some kind of
 treatment.

            I'm sure, as the details emerge, we're going to read a lot stories about the
 whacked cultural and political climate of our country that allows a man with
 such a history to get ahold of not just a gun, but a vanful of weapons.
