
   
   
      
         
            How To Do an IPO
            

            In purely financial terms, yesterday's initial public offering from Linux
 networker Andover.net will go down as just another in a series of remarkable
 first-day debuts. The company's shares priced at $18, opened at close to $50,
 and closed the day at $63 3/8. (Andover.net's shares jumped another 14 1/8
 points today.) In other words, it looked just like a typical tech IPO in this
 frothiest of markets. But in fact there was nothing typical about the success
 of the Andover.net IPO. This was a deal the ramifications of which we're going
 to be feeling for years to come.

            That's because Andover.net was the third company to be taken public by W.R.
 Hambrecht, the investment bank that is attempting to transform the IPO process
 by replacing the traditional method of allocating shares and setting opening
 prices with what's called a Dutch auction. (See 
                  Slate
               's "Explainer"
 for more on Dutch auctions.) In a typical IPO, the lead underwriter sets an
 initial filing price, then takes provisional orders from institutional
 investors that it uses to gauge demand. The filing price can be adjusted upward
 if demand is strong enough, but in general the offering price for a company
 going public is considerably below the market-clearing price. As a result,
 investors who are able to get in on an IPO have a very good chance of reaping
 some easy gains.

            In a Dutch auction, by contrast, the price is essentially determined by the
 investors, who submit the highest price they're willing to pay and the number
 of shares they want at that price. The people who bid the highest (and, if they
 bid the same price, the earliest) get first dibs on the shares, which are then
 allocated in order from highest to lowest bid, until they're all gone. No
 matter what you bid, though, the price you pay is the lowest price that any
 investor who got shares bid.

            This is a superior way of pricing an IPO because no one gets shares on the
 basis of who they know, and because it ensures that the company going public
 isn't going to leave too much money on the table by going public at a lower
 price than the one the market was willing to pay.
