
   
   
      
         
            Kausfiles Drills Down!

            
               English Maybe: Remember Proposition 227, the initiative by which (in
 theory) California voters threw out that state's disastrous bilingual education
 program and replaced it with "English immersion"? For an excellent, maddening
 report on how anti-227 school administrators and teachers in Los Angeles are
 defying the law and continuing to teach "limited English" children in Spanish,
 read Jill Stewart's recent New Times Los Angeles account. ... The question
 begged by Stewart's story is: Isn't it time for some pro-227 parents to sue to
 get that law enforced? As it is, the main lawsuit on the table in Los Angeles
 is being brought by the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund
 (MALDEF), which is trying to get the Los Angeles school board to enter into a
 semi-collusive "consent decree" that will effectively undermine English
 immersion. Stewart describes this possible sellout to MALDEF here. ... Those districts that really do try English immersion,
 according to Stewart, have seen rising test scores. They include Sacramento,
 Inglewood, and Oceanside. Time for some national reporters from the
 Washington Post and New York Times to pay them a visit, no? Rene
 Sanchez, this means you! ...

            
               Reader Nails: 
               Kausfiles reader Michael S. Nadel of Washington,
 D.C., had this reponse to the previous
 item, which concluded that Larry Flynt's investigation of congressional sex
 "served Clinton well" by possibly helping to cow House Speaker Newt Gingrich
 (who was at the time have a risky affair with a congressional aide):

            

               How did Newt's silence "serve Clinton well"? Wouldn't having Gingrich as his
 main antagonist have helped Clinton? He would have had a foil even better than
 Ken Starr--even without the Bisek affair in the public eye.

            

            Good question! Here two possible answers: 1) Gingrich's low-turnout,
 put-em-to-sleep strategy for the 1998 election was a disaster, which in turn
 encouraged Republican senators to acquit the president.
