
   
   
      
         
            Siege of State

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with Boris Yeltsin's blunt reaction to President
 Clinton's criticism of Russia's Chechnya operation: Don't forget that Moscow
 has a vast nuclear arsenal. The Wall Street Journal flags Yeltsin at the top of its
 front-page news box. The New York Times
 carries Yeltsin's remarks inside (as do the other papers), somehow leading
 instead with the promise made Thursday by Russian officials that refugees
 who've flooded out of Chechnya recently will be able to return to
 Russian-controlled parts of the region by the end of the year. The paper
 explains this is intended to signify that Russia is making progress towards
 stabilizing the Chechen situation. The Washington Post goes with the Army's newest recruitment
 lure: offering entry-level soldiers an array of virtually no-cost college-level
 courses over the Internet leading to an associate's degree. This unprecedented
 educational expansion for G.I.s , the WP explains, is a sign of the
 difficulties the Army is having trying to compete with the booming civilian job
 market. USA
 Today leads with a new outside study blaming government and industry
 for failing to sufficiently ensure the Y2K-compliance of the nation's drinking
 water and sewage systems.

            The LAT calls Yeltsin's comments, which came while he was in China to
 win support for the Chechnya operation, an "outburst," and compares it to
 Nikita Kruschev's "We will bury you." But the paper depicts both President
 Clinton and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as trying to de-escalate. The
 other papers agree on these points with this slight difference: The NYT
 see Yeltsin's performance as "apparently calculated."

            The WP lead explains that the Army's new educational initiative is
 particularly well suited to Hispanics, who make up 40 percent of those
 potential recruits who show high military aptitude despite lacking a
 high-school diploma, and to deployed soldiers, who, it is thought, should be
 able to keep up with course work via Internet-aided "distance learning" far
 better than they could via traditional classroom-based coursework.
