
   
   
      
         
            Remember Los Alamos

            The Washington Post and the New York Times lead with the arrest of
 former Los Alamos nuclear physicist Wen Ho Lee. Lee is being held without bail
 on 59 counts of mishandling nuclear weapon design, construction, and testing
 information. The indictment alleges that Lee downloaded data onto 10 portable
 tapes and that seven tapes are missing. Lee is not specifically accused of
 leaking secrets to the Chinese. Yet, the NYT notes, to convict Lee on
 all counts the government must prove that he intended to injure the United
 States and benefit a foreign power. The Post explains that the
 indictment might be an attempt to squeeze new leads out of Lee. The charges
 carry life sentences. Lee's attorneys claim he is innocent of wrongdoing. A
 LAT front-pager underscores that the indictment does not clarify how
 China acquired nuclear secrets.

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with Turkey's acceptance of an offer to apply for
 membership in the European Union. Ankara was reluctant to accede because of
 fears that the EU would pressure Turkey to relinquish its claim to Cyprus. To
 join, Turkey must improve its human rights record by abolishing the use of
 torture and loosening free speech strictures. A NYT front-pager mentions
 that two years ago the EU angered the United States and embarrassed Ankara by
 voting not to extend an offer of accession to Turkey. None of the papers note
 that Turkey has been seeking EU membership since the 1960s.

            A Post front-pager stresses that the EU expanded its applicant pool
 by extending offers to Bulgaria, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and
 Malta. Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Poland, and Slovenia are
 already negotiating EU entry. If all applicants are approved, the EU will
 become a 28-nation union that encompasses nearly all of central and eastern
 Europe. (The EU also endorsed a plan to create a European rapid-reaction force
 of 60,000 troops.)

            The NYT fronts the death of Franjo Tudjman, the first president of
 independent Croatia.
