
   
   
      
         
            "Don't Ask" Don't Work

            The New York Times leads with President
 Clinton's announcement (or admission) that the administration's "don't ask,
 don't tell" policy regarding homosexuals in the military isn't working. Rather
 than implement a new policy, Clinton is expected to push military officials to
 better enforce the current one. The statement was prompted by his wife's
 remarks earlier this week that gays and lesbians should be allowed to serve
 openly. The Los Angeles Times reefers Clinton's remarks and leads with
 an expose on failings of the state's education system. California's director of
 special education maintains that as many as 250,000 children have been
 incorrectly assessed as "learning disabled" and funneled into California's
 special education programs simply because they were not taught to read. The
 Washington Post leads with the State Department's
 warning that Americans abroad should take extra security precautions in the
 next month; the department has "credible information" that terrorist groups are
 planning attacks that target American citizens. The LAT, whose sources
 are quoted by the Post , reefers the announcement.

            Despite the WP headline, Americans abroad needn't run for the hills
 just yet. Such announcements are relatively common, although they usually
 accompany military actions, economic sanctions, or other foreign policy
 initiatives (yesterday's warning was the fifth since October). The
 Post suggests that the warnings are a reference to Osama Bin Laden's
 terrorist organization, but the link is dubious: Officials wouldn't name a
 group, they only "indicated that [Bin Laden's group] is the most important
 organization seeking to undermine U.S. interests." The Post also
 points out that that attacks could occur any time from now through New Year,
 until the first week in January, when the Muslim holy month of Ramadan ends.
 Does the State Department's announcement mention Ramadan, or did the
 WP add it?
