
   
   
      
         
            IRS: We Bite Too

            The IRS firestorm leads at USA Today , the New York Times ,
 and the Los Angeles Times . At the Washington Post , the lead national story is President
 Clinton's appearance at ceremonies commemorating the 40th anniversary of the
 forced integration of Central High in Little Rock.

            President Clinton used the occasion to issue a warning about the trend
 toward the re-separation of the races, a trend both the WP and
 NYT had no trouble observing at Central High, where the dining areas and
 academic tracks are largely de facto segregated. And both papers noted that the
 local chapter of the NAACP voted not to support or participate in the
 ceremonies. More heartening was the revelation in both papers that a white
 woman famously captured in a 1957 photograph cursing the entering black
 students was present to publicly apologize for her long-ago actions. (Just
 wondering: Couldn't they also have found one of the paratroopers who escorted
 the students?)

            The NYT Little Rock coverage includes a nice little survey of the
 nine original black students and what they're doing today. The list includes an
 investment banker, a writer, a lawyer, a college professor, and an unemployed
 woman. Two of the nine live overseas. The LAT has a nice photo on its
 front top of Clinton with some of the nine, but runs the story inside.

            The LAT and USAT continue pressing on the IRS story, with
 leads describing yesterday's testimony, in which a number of current agents,
 speaking from behind a screen, their voices electronically altered, blew the
 whistle on the agency's shady practices; and in which the acting commissioner,
 Michael Dolan, continued to apologize and pledge reform. After ignoring the IRS
 story yesterday, the NYT plays catch-up today. Surprisingly, the
 WP sticks the story way inside.

            The LAT breaks the story that former senior White House aide Harold
 Ickes has this week told federal investigators that he was in the same room at
 the White House with President Clinton when Clinton made telephone fund pitches
 to several Democratic contributors during the run-up to the 1994 elections.
