
   
   
      
         
            Nothing Like a Dane

            The Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the resumption in Washington this week of Israel-Syria
 peace talks. Both papers emphasize that prospects for an end to the 51-year
 state of war between the two countries are excellent. The New York Times leads with a U.S.
 surgeon general's report, to be released today, stating that although in any
 given year one in five Americans experiences a mental disorder and that half of
 all Americans do so at least once in the course of their lives, most never seek
 treatment. USA Today goes with the Census Bureau's release today of a
 special edition of its annual statistical abstract of the U.S. that offers a
 snapshot of how the country has changed during this century. Some examples: In
 the century's first decade, there were 2 million immigrants from Italy and
 50,000 from Mexico, and in its last, the numbers were approximately the
 reverse; America's air is 10 times as polluted today as in 1900; the population
 of Buffalo is almost exactly the same as in 1900, while that of L.A. is about
 35 times larger. A NYT inside story on the abstract notes that two of
 the most popular girls' names in 1900 were Florence and Bertha, while today,
 neither is in the top 10,000.

            The reporting on Israel-Syria makes it clear that the most sensitive issues
 to be hashed out are whether Israel will keep an intelligence-gathering post in
 the Golan Heights and its access to the Sea of Galilee. The WP account
 states that in the run-up to last week's announcement of the talks, the U.S.
 engaged in much secret diplomacy, including a dozen phone calls between
 President Clinton and Syria's Hafez Assad. Last week, the LAT reported
 that Yasser Arafat was not pleased by the Israel-Syria thaw, but today's
 LAT doesn't follow up on this.

            The NYT says the surgeon general's report finds that most people with mental
 disorders don't get help because they don't think effective treatments exist,
 or they fear being stigmatized, or because they lack applicable insurance.
