
   
   
      
         
            Bush and Bradley at a Crossroads?
            

            Issue 1 is John McCain's continuing surge in New Hampshire. Issue 2 is Al
 Gore's heated attacks on Bill Bradley.

            Most pundits think that George W. Bush's mediocre performance in his two
 debate appearances has made him vulnerable, but pundits disagree over just how
 vulnerable. On NBC's Meet the
 Press , the Des Moines Register 's David Yepsen predicts that
 McCain will do well in Iowa even without campaigning there, but John Bachman,
 of Des Moines' WHO-TV, says that his station's recent poll shows McCain still
 behind Bush by 40 points. On Fox News
 Sunday , Tony Snow points out that Bush's national lead hasn't
 budged--despite his trouble in New Hampshire--but Brit Hume predicts that
 Bush's debate performances will start a popularity slide in the early primary
 states. On CNN's Late
 Edition , Steve Roberts asserts that Bush supporters are uneasy with
 his debate performance, but Susan Page notes that Bush is still the
 overwhelmingly likely nominee.

 On ABC's This Week , Bill Kristol, ever the neoconservative, continues
 to support reformist underdog McCain, while George F. Will, ever the Tory,
 continues to argue for establishmentarian front-runner Bush. Will points out
 that the GOP establishment's endorsement of Bush was completely voluntary and
 that grassroots uprisings, as McCain is attempting to bring about, are not
 always good for the party--look at what George McGovern did to the Democrats.
 Kristol counters that despite McGovern's failure as a presidential candidate,
 his empowerment of the Democratic Party's grassroots was healthy. Kristol then
 predicts that once Bush debates in Iowa tomorrow his polls will start sliding
 there.

            With a few exceptions--such as Mark Shields (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) and Jack Germond ( Meet
 the Press )--the pundits agree that Bill Bradley must respond to Al Gore's
 charge that Bradley would raise taxes as president.
