
   
   
      
         
            Present at the Creation

            Among the many things Al Gore has claimed credit for introducing to the
 world is apparently the Earned Income Tax Credit. This is a refundable credit paid
 by the IRS to below-median-income workers that has, over the last 25 years,
 swelled both in size and in the esteem with which it is held by Republicans and
 Democrats alike.

            Many politicians have wrapped their arms around this sturdy reinforcement
 for the efforts of ill-paid workers, but few if any have been so fulsome in
 their embrace as was the vice president in a November interview with Time 
               Magazine . In commenting upon his
 rival Bill Bradley's proposed expansion of the EITC, Gore asserted, "I was the
 author of that proposal. I wrote that, so I say, welcome aboard. That is
 something for which I have been the principal proponent for a long time."

            Last week, the Bradley forces jumped on the veep's claim of authorship,
 pointing out in an ad that the EITC became law in 1975, a year before Gore was
 elected to Congress.

            Who then can claim credit for this invention, which this year distributed
 close to $30 billion in refunds to some 20 million families and individuals?
 Chatterbox knows because Chatterbox really was there--or at least close by.

            Just for the record, the EITC was the brainchild of the powerful Senate
 Finance Committee Chairman Russell Long. Yes, Russell Long, the son of Huey
 Long, the flamboyant populist governor of Louisiana immortalized in All the
 King's Men . In the 1970s, Russell Long was anathema to most liberals, who
 viewed him as the major roadblock in the way of a more generous welfare state.
 And, indeed, Long was an arch opponent of President Richard Nixon's Family
 Assistance Plan, which would have doubled the size of the welfare rolls by
 extending cash assistance to the "working poor."

            Long didn't like the idea adding millions of people to the rolls, but he
 wasn't at all adverse to the notion of giving poor people a helping hand--as
 long as it was done in a way that would encourage rather than discourage work.
