
   
   
      
         
            The Paper Chase
            

            Dear David,

            It has been 20 years since you left home, and we have been talking
 intermittently since then by telephone. You have gone far geographically, and,
 I was going to say, careerwise, but as your mother is a strict grammarian I
 knew she would wince at that "wise" ending. (We used to say that when you were
 an undergraduate at Harvard, you were one of the few students who knew that one
 should not begin a sentence with "Hopefully," and more, why one should not do
 so.) In any event, meander as I am wont to do, you have gone far in your chosen
 field. (I used to say that your sister and yourself, both Ph.D.s in early
 modern European history, would go to any lengths to find a subject for which
 your father could not give you a bibliography.)

            Now we are talking by e-mail, an unfamiliar venue for me. Your mother has a
 computer; I don't, though I use hers fitfully. This is in spite of the fact
 that I taught courses on technology for more than 10 years before I retired and
 have even written books on the new technology. But as you know, I always
 consider myself in the position of the young man drafted into the Israeli navy
 who, when asked if he knew how to swim, replied: I know the theory of it. My
 interest is in theory because I am interested in the logic of technology and
 how that unfolds. And as a sociologist, I have long argued for the priority of
 theory, since theory allows one to take a finding or a proposition out of one
 context and apply these to different, and even unfamiliar ones. I stand by the
 old saw: If something works in practice, does it also work in theory?

            As you can see, I am seeking to avoid getting started over this unfamiliar
 route and talking, as we are supposed to do, about the day's events as they
 unfold in the morning newspaper. But the morning newspaper, for me, is
 something I read at a distance, so to speak. Though we have now lived in
 Cambridge for almost 30 years, I do not see the Boston Globe , our local
 paper.
