
   
   
      
         
            Heard of Any Good Scandals Lately?
            

            Dear Dad,

            I agree with you entirely about the Times versus local newspapers. As
 you know, when we moved down to D.C. a few years ago, we thought we would save
 a little money and a few pounds of trash per week by getting the Times
 only on weekends. But right from the start, we went into serious Times
 withdrawal. Sure, the Washington Post is a good enough paper, and we
 like its local reporting, but its foreign coverage doesn't compare to the
 Times , the Op-Ed page tends to counteract the effects of my morning
 coffee (with the exception of the divinely cranky Michael Kelly on
 Wednesdays--long may he rant), and the editors often seem clueless about how to
 put together an attractive and readable paper. They still haven't figured out
 that it's a good idea to put all the high-technology features in a single
 weekly section, the way the Times does. However, thanks to the Internet,
 I have been indulging my Times addiction for several years now without
 any additional cost or trash (it makes me wonder how many other people are
 doing the same, and just how much money the Times has lost as a
 result).

            As you say, we're supposed to be talking about the news. But what has been
 most interesting to me about the news in the past few months is what has
 not been there, namely, scandal. It's as if the Lewinsky business was
 such a big, greasy, nauseating chunk of scandal to swallow that the politicians
 and chattering classes subsequently lost their appetite for the stuff, at least
 temporarily. Before Monica, it seemed as if we had entered the age of the
 Permanent Floating Scandal. There always seemed to be at least three or four
 stacked up over Washington at any one time, like planes waiting to land at
 National Airport: Whitewater, Travelgate, the FBI files, the campaign-finance
 scandals, not to mention the extra, auxiliary scandals around half the cabinet.
 Since Iran-Contra, it's seemed as if there's been scarcely a week in which some
 Washington scandal didn't hit the front page of the Times or the
 Post , with the reporters dropping hopeful hints about there being Much
 More to Come, and how this might all ultimately Bring the President Down.
