
   
   
      
         
            Toon-Town
            

            It's fitting that the decade ends with the best year for movies of the
 decade, 1999. (And, thank God, nobody got around to slipping Prince's "1999"
 into a movie. Not even End of Days , which was so low that such a cliché
 would've looked like a classy move.) This year, there are three animated movies
 alone that deserve to be on a top-10 list-- South Park , The Iron
 Giant , and Toy Story 2 . (And one other, Princess Mononoke ,
 that has moments of epic grandeur and images so primal they could be lifted
 from a nightmare, or cause one.) Even the first 20 minutes or so of
 Tarzan , before Phil Collins started to resurrect songs that weren't good
 enough for Michelob commercials, were impressive.

            
               South Park is so good that the apparent problem, bringing the show's
 limited stylization to the big screen--it's like animation by Colorforms
 (which, I know, is the point)--was immediately solved. Some of its sequences
 bounce around in your head forever. Satan's big number, a malicious piece of
 parody that's one of the funniest movie moments of the year, is a power ballad
 for a Broadway crowd--imagine an Andrew Lloyd Webber number written for Meat
 Loaf or, worse, Michael Bolton. South Park is a reminder of the great
 moments from the old Henry Beard/Doug Kenny National Lampoon , where the
 audacity and smarts still leave you tearing up helplessly when you try to
 explain what you love about the work months later. And your friends roll their
 eyes at your lack of descriptive skills.

            The last few years have been a struggle to put together a 10-best list, so
 when three cartoons make enough of an impact to each deserve a slot, you know
 things are looking up. Toy Story 2 , like South Park , is thick
 with small jokes bordering the bigger jokes. It seems perfect for that genre
 that flowered in the '90s, the movie made for repeated home viewing so you can
 study it frame by frame, like the Zapruder film.
