
   
   
      
         
            A Complex Bouquet
            

            Dear David and Elvis,

            What a fun honor it is to swap opinions with you both,
 not to mention Roger Ebert tomorrow. I liked your entries and agree about a
 lot--I'll have more feedback tomorrow, but first I should explain why I didn't
 really find it useful to rank this year's crop. Many of the really ambitious
 efforts of 1999, the ones we will look back on as turning points, also suffer
 from some real limitations, and in a few cases some serious, stinkeroo flaws. I
 want to salute those films that were onto something new, while recognizing that
 in places they were kind of dodgy, and not necessarily the best-made of the
 year. I quite liked Being John Malkovich (inspired
 metaphysical conceit, unforgettable crazy dance by Malkovich, another
 go-for-broke performance by Cameron Diaz). But did you notice the long
 stretches of tin-ear dialogue for Mary Kay Place; the amateurish quality of the
 setups (often you can see a microphone dipping and swaying at the top of the
 screen); and, last but not least, the 10th-grade misogyny? Another instance:
 The Limey was a delicate, stylish piece of work,
 saturated with love of movies past; but once a year there is a similar and--not
 quite as good, but nearly as good--imported British mystery on PBS. Compared
 with The Limey , Run Lola
 Run was clumsy, a chunk of bratwurst. Yet of the two, it seems fresher to
 me.

            I agree with you both that we're at a turning point,
 although except in the case of David O. Russell, I'm not sure how much Godard
 has to do with it. The easiest place to look for this new creativity is
 technology: the special effects in The Matrix and
 Toy Story 2 , the hypertext plot of Run Lola Run . But you could also see it in the style of acting. This
 was the first year since practically forever that I didn't long for more
 genuine movie stars. This was the year when the indie ensemble
 aesthetic--actors humbly serving a specific function, rather than being their
 charismatic selves--really came into its own.
