
   
   
      
         
            Archer's Follies
            

            Dear Dad,

            Yes, sad to say, I have indeed read most of Jeffrey Archer's novels. If you
 excuse the analogy, they're something like sordid one-night stands. You stay up
 late in bed with them, breathless and excited, but when you wake up in the
 morning next to them you feel ashamed and disgusted with yourself.

            Still, it's nice to know you're not bothered by the fact that I've read
 them. The thing about growing up the son of two New York intellectuals is that
 reading trashy fiction somehow seems worse--more of a "transgressive act," as
 some of my academic colleagues would put it--than many other minor crimes and
 misdemeanors (even more than using the word "hopefully" incorrectly). The
 nightmare scenario runs as follows. I'm sitting in a quiet corner somewhere,
 devouring the latest Michael Crichton, the cover carefully hidden from sight.
 Suddenly, from nowhere, in walks Diana Trilling. "Ah, the son of Daniel Bell
 and Pearl Kazin," she says, her great eyes shining sternly. "What are you
 reading? Proust? Dostoyevsky? Faulkner? The Liberal Imagination ?" I
 tremble so hard the book falls out of my hands, and she sees the cover. The
 shame! The humiliation! Of course, Woody Allen captured this idea perfectly in
 Bananas , in the scene where he buys a pile of intellectual journals, and
 tries to slip a copy of a pornographic magazine in with them, only to have the
 shop owner holler, "Hey Harry, how much for a copy of Orgasm ?" Later,
 Allen sits on the subway, gazing at the offending item, which he has neatly
 tucked into the latest edition of Commentary , with an article by Irving
 Kristol on the cover (another favorite Woody Allen line, of course, comes in
 Annie Hall , when he quips that Dissent and Commentary have
 merged to form a new magazine called Dysentery-- I was probably one of
 the few 11-year-olds to laugh at that one).

            But getting back to Jeffrey Archer.
