
   
   
      
         
            Presspourri

            As often happens on a Sunday, the papers are dominated by non-breaking
 stories, which could have run today or a month from today. At the New York Times
 the lead is word that GOP leaders are talking about radically overhauling the
 tax code. At the Los Angeles Times , it's President Clinton's comment that
 the Republicans are hurting the federal judiciary by systematically blocking
 his appointments to the bench. The Washington Post leads with details of a 1993 abduction of a
 Libyan dissident from Cairo.

            According to the NYT , the Republicans in Congress have begun an
 intense debate about how to follow up the balanced-budget amendment, reflecting
 the fact that polls show voters are becoming less responsive to mere tax cuts.
 To lay the groundwork, reports the paper, Rep. Dick Armey of Texas, the
 majority leader, and Rep. W.J. Tauzin of Louisiana announced last week that
 they were embarking on a three-city "Scrap the Code" tax tour in October to
 debate the merits of Armey's flat tax vs. Tauzin's national retail sales tax."
 Last Thursday, the two kicked off this philosophical quest by throwing copies
 of the federal tax code into a large garbage can.

            The Post lead asserts that the CIA now has convincing evidence that a
 leading Libyan dissident who was a U.S. resident just months away from
 citizenship was abducted from a Cairo human rights conference with the help of
 Egyptian agents and spirited off to Libya where he was murdered. This finding
 is said to have upset relations between the U.S. and Egypt. The paper says that
 throughout the course of U.S. officials' investigation of the incident, their
 requests for help from Egypt have produced only limited cooperation, and that
 this month Al Gore privately demanded that Egypt's Hosni Mubarak order a full
 investigation.

            The NYT today begins the first of two pieces on educational testing
 with a piece on the failure of the field's largest company, the Educational
 Testing Service (a nonprofit with an annual revenue $400 million), to get
 cheating under control or to disclose security problems to the test-taking
 public.
