
   
   
      
         
            The Overblown B2B Hype
            

            Even by the standards of this hyperactive stock market, Friday's initial
 public offering for FreeMarkets was staggering. The company had originally
 planned to go public at a price of $16 to $18 a share, but by the time it came
 to market, the offering price had tripled to $48 a share. That was still too
 low (though still impressive). The first trade was at $248 a share, and unlike
 the way most IPOs trade, FreeMarkets' shares kept rising during the day,
 closing at $280 a share. (The shares were down $11 today. I'll take a guess and
 say that was profit-taking.)

            FreeMarkets' performance came as no surprise to anyone. (When investment
 banks triple the offering price on a stock, it's a good sign that the IPO isn't
 going to crash and burn.) That's not so much because of the company itself,
 which essentially runs online business-to-business auctions for corporations
 like General Motors. Rather, it's because investor appetite for Internet
 business-to-business (B2B) stocks has suddenly become voracious. B2B is, we're
 being told, the true wave of the future on the Web, and so companies ranging
 from professional services firms to infrastructure providers to database
 managers are now the darlings of the Street. Most--in fact, nearly all--of
 these companies remain unknown to just about everyone in America. But over the
 past few months you could have made a huge amount of money in stocks like
 Akamai, Ariba, Sapient, and Viant.

            There are, as usual, a host of studies by various research groups to justify
 the swing in sentiment toward B2B stocks. There have to be, because many of
 these companies are currently so tiny that estimating their present value on
 the basis of their internal numbers alone would be futile. (FreeMarkets, for
 instance, did $7.8 million in revenue last year but now has a market
 capitalization of $9.1 billion.) In any case, these studies all show that the
 B2B market for goods and services on the Web will soon dwarf the B2C
 (business-to-consumer) market.
