
   
   
      
         
            To Wit
            

            Thanks, Sarah, for your skepticism--although I'm not sure we're in as much
 disagreement as your crackly tone would imply. The level of invention this year
 has been amazingly high, but few movies have maintained it consistently. My

                  Slate
                reviews of Three Kings , Being John Malkovich ,
 and The Limey are full of qualifications, but many of the most exciting
 films in a given year are messed up in one way or another. (The last film for
 which I have unqualified admiration is Robert Duvall's The Apostle .) I
 was enraged by the killing of the Iraqi mother in Three Kings and
 resented some of the jokiness and formula machinations that followed in its
 wake. But if David O. Russell can't (yet) make his absurdist vision mesh
 perfectly with his moral outrage, he deserves our awe for having pulled off the
 mixture as well as anyone since Coppola in Apocalypse Now . (And Three
 Kings is a lot less messed-up than Apocalypse Now .)

            I didn't spot microphones in Being John 
               Malkovich (depending
 on how a film is masked, you can see microphones in movies by the greatest
 directors and cinematographers), but there are flatfooted patches and a
 distinct falling off in the last half hour (despite some marvelous puppet
 work). Fear of women is indeed one of the picture's sub-themes; it's a theme of
 many great sex farces and not ipso facto a bad thing. The movie's too-casual
 discarding of its protagonist (John Cusack) suggests more self-loathing than
 unchecked misogyny--although the two impulses are clearly linked. It seems to
 me that when you're braving as many weird psychosexual areas as Charlie Kaufman
 does in Malkovich , you're going to lose control at some point; he does.
 The larger point is that his work--like Russell's--is an inspiration; it makes
 you makes you realize that, The Anxiety of 
               Influence
 notwithstanding, there are an infinite number of possibilities for framing our
 experience.
