
   
   
      
         
            Long Live Celluloid
            

            Dear Friends,

            No quarrel from me about the excitement of being a film critic in 1999. This
 was one of those miraculous years like 1974 when new talents, and revitalized
 old talents, came bursting forth. The year was a slow starter, despite such
 early exceptions as Altman's Cookie's Fortune and Kore-Eda's After
 Life , but starting with the Telluride and Toronto festivals there was an
 unveiling of riches that went on week after week after week.

            I agree with the praise for Being John Malkovich and Three
 Kings --movies that were free . Watching them, we had absolutely no
 idea what would happen next, and the last half hour of Malkovich was as
 inventive and unexpected as the first. Having been pounded through the '90s
 with predictable, upbeat film endings dictated by test audiences ("Does Joan
 really have to burn at the stake?"), I was so exhilarated to see films that
 gave themselves the liberty to surprise and amaze me.

            At year's end, there was another film like that, Paul Thomas Anderson's
 Magnolia . I would not dream of revealing what happens at the end of
 that movie, but I wanted to cheer when it did happen, because Anderson
 was demonstrating in a way both comic and bizarre that all narrative is
 arbitrary--that no matter what happens next, it need not, and that no director
 need feel shackled by audience or studio expectations.

            I imagine Magnolia will get widely divergent reviews (I know of one
 national critic who has put it on his "10 worst" list), but I thought it struck
 the right note to close this season of invention. Yes, some will argue that
 Anderson's surprise is cheating, or arbitrary, or a trick--but the way for it
 is prepared by Ricky Jay's witty narration at the beginning of the film, which
 all but tells us to expect learned pigs.

            I was disappointed that David, having applauded so much innovation, put
 Julien Donkey-Boy on his worst list.
