
   
   
      
         
            Phone Bill

            The Washington Post leads with news the Russian mob is going
 international in a big way. USA Today goes with the formation of a new coalition
 of teacher and parent groups dedicated to saving the public schools. And the
 New York Times
 lead is: "Mideast Leaders Taking First Step to Reviving Talks" (that's key F4
 on Times keyboards, right next to F5: "Teamster Officials
 Indicted").

            According to the WP , U.S., European and Latin American law
 enforcement officials say that Russian organized crime groups, operating out of
 Miami, New York and Puerto Rico and flush with cash, are forming alliances with
 Colombian drug traffickers in the Caribbean. These alliances, say some experts
 quoted in the piece, are the most dangerous trend in drug smuggling in the
 hemisphere. The Russian mobs offer the drug cartels access to sophisticated
 weapons siphoned from the Soviet inventory. Recent undercover operations have
 detected, says the paper, attempts by Russian groups to sell Colombian drug
 lords a helicopter, surface-to-air missiles and a submarine. The Russians are
 especially dangerous, one DEA Russian expert tells the WP , because "We
 are talking [about] people with PhDs, former senior KGB agents with access to
 sophisticated weapons, people who have [already] laundered billions of
 dollars."

            
               USAT heralds the formation today of the Learning First Alliance of
 teachers, principals, parents, school boards, experts and community leaders,
 which is dedicated to improving public school education. The Alliance includes
 such educational policy power players as the NEA and the AFT and its principal
 goals include establishing tougher course work and making schools safer. The
 group will be holding a summit in Washington in January to address improving
 reading and math achievement.

            The Wall Street Journal 's Alan Murray observes in a front-page
 "The Outlook" column that now with the diminution of the tobacco lobby, in
 Washington the most influential lobby is broadcasting.
