
   
   
      
         
            Reformulated
            

            I don't totally agree with you, Sarah--there are some formulas in
 sight. What diminished Three Kings for me was that at heart it was a
 "conversion" melodrama in which a cynical, amoral, Bogartish hero finally can't
 live with himself in the face of injustice and opts to "do the right thing" at
 considerable personal cost. That's one of the great movie plots, but it doesn't
 feel as fresh as the rest of what's on screen. Elsewhere, however, it's the way
 that screenwriters and directors bend and twist formulas that accounts for the
 "anything goes" quality that we've all been responding to. The beauty of The
 Limey is that it takes a pretty standard pulp formula--wronged gangster
 turned vigilante avenger--and creates what amounts to an essay on the idea of
 "distance": from other people, from the effects of our own actions in the past,
 and from ourselves. The villain turns out not to be a person but a concept. You
 see that not just at the end but in the middle, when Peter Fonda--a superb,
 non-star performance that supports your thesis, Sarah, about the subordination
 of ego in many of today's most interesting actors--registers terror at the
 thought that it's all "getting too close" to him. It's the hero's willful
 blindness to the fact that his behavior in the past had rippling consequences
 that has brought about his daughter's death.

            Meanwhile, there are a zillion formulas in the wonderful Dogma , but
 they're all rearranged--and then held in place--by Kevin Smith's passion.
 Election is a reworking of What Makes Sammy Run? --the replacement
 of "Sammy Glick" with "Tracy Flick" gives the game away--but told in a way that
 makes more (or more modern) sense: Its hero--unlike Budd Schulberg's--doesn't
 remain the voice of moral authority; his envy, self-hatred, and displaced lust
 makes him self-destruct in spectacular fashion. My larger point is that it's
 doubtful we'll escape formulas--especially with executives and would-be
 screenwriters flocking to courses by Robert McKee and others.
