
   
   
      
         
            The Beginning of Wisdom Is Disaggregation
            

            Dear David:

            Many questions. Many "methodological difficulties." How can I sort these
 out? The old method, in cheder , is to tell a drusha , to tell a
 story. (In my old age, I regress to the methods of my youth.)

            In 1946, William Fielding Ogburn, the leading sociologist of social change,
 wrote a sober book, The Social Effects of Aviation , in which he sought
 to trace out the possible impact of airplanes for the remainder of the century.
 He looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas,
 such as population, family, cities, religion, health, environment, recreation,
 crime, education, marketing, agriculture, public administration, international
 relations--you name it. Quite an exhaustive list for effects from a single
 cause.

            Ogburn began with population, since those changes "affect almost all the
 phenomena of social life," and went on to say : "Aviation will probably have
 the effect of reducing the number of births slightly." One rubs one's eyes in
 "slight" astonishment.

            Ogburn was reasoning from the economist's model of the introduction of the
 automobile, since "families postponed the expense of ... rearing a child in
 order to own an automobile. ... In a similar manner some families will be
 smaller than would otherwise be because of the expense of owning and operating
 an aircraft."

            What? What? What? (as George III would say). Yes, at that time the
 government had made that assumption. Eugene Vidal, the undersecretary of
 commerce (and father of Gore Vidal), had said that with the development of
 helicopters, about 710,000 families (out of 32 million in the United States)
 would have private airplanes, the reason being that these were the ones with
 incomes of more than $10,000 a year. A lot of people today fly a private
 plane--I do not know the number. But the initial assumption was flat wrong.

            A number of years ago, Dennis Gabor won the Nobel Prize for inventing the
 hologram.
