
   
   
      
         
            The Crash of 2002? What Would George W. Do?
            

            Dear Dad,

            Many thanks for the thoughts on technological change. As for identities, I
 suppose I could continue on the subject with a lengthy disquisition on the
 construction of national identities in early modern Europe, drawn from my new
 book. But somehow, I think this would be getting a little too specialized for
 the Breakfast Table. So I hope you don't mind if I change the subject and
 pontificate a little about the presidential campaign. Living in Washington,
 it's hard to resist the temptation.

            I must say, though, that since I spend much of my time immersed in the
 18 th century, the crazily ritualistic aspects of the campaign strike
 me very forcefully. The weirdest thing, to my mind, is the way the candidates
 and the media all seem to pretend that we are electing a benevolent dictator
 who, once elected, will snap his fingers, and the thousands of pages of
 position papers drawn up by his campaign staff will automatically become the
 law of the land. Elect Gary Bauer and abortion will be abolished. Elect George
 W. and we will get a tax cut. Elect Al Gore and gays will be welcomed into the
 military. Elect Alan Keyes and everyone will be required to wear underwear on
 the outside (to continue my homage to Woody Allen's Bananas ).

            At the very least, it seems to me that reporters could make more of a
 distinction between three very different types of campaign promises: those it
 would take a constitutional amendment to fulfill (e.g. abortion, maybe campaign
 finance reform, because of first amendment concerns); those that would require
 congressional action (health care, tax cuts, etc.); and those that could be
 done with a presidential order. Why even waste much time on the first category?
 Let's pretend, as a thought experiment, that a conspiracy of vintners
 contaminates the champagne supply with powerful psychedelic mushrooms just
 before Jan.
