
   
   
      
         
            New York Manners
            

            David,

            I quite agree that filmmakers are enthusiastic about the considerable
 freedom given them by digital production. But then you write, "Most filmmakers
 don't care if digital projection looks better than celluloid; they'd be
 thrilled if it looked as good." And I wonder.

            I think most filmmakers do care about the picture quality of their films, as
 evidenced by the fact that those who broke through with video (like Rodriguez)
 turned to real film the moment they had the money. And besides--sod the
 filmmakers! I care! While I am perfectly able to enjoy films shot on video,
 such as Blair Witch , El Mariachi or American Movie , I also
 enjoy the voluptuous pleasures of great celluloid cinematography in a film like
 Fargo or The Double Life of Veronique .

            You write of Magnolia : "At a screening the other day I had the
 pleasure of listening to Joel Siegel make fun of the movie behind me and John
 Simon (in a separate conversation) make fun of the movie in front of me. That
 clinches it--it's one of the year's best movies!"

            It's also on my best-movie list (No. 2). I also heard there was a lot of
 derision at the Boston screening. ("If you can keep your head when all about
 you," etc.) That's one difference between New York screenings and Chicago
 screenings: In Chicago, unless a movie is really bad and everyone senses
 that everyone else thinks so, the critics do the director the courtesy of not
 distracting from his work by vocalizing their own opinions. I have been to a
 lot of New York screenings over the years, and have been surprised a) at how
 some critics feel the right to laugh scornfully or even talk back to the
 screen, and b) how so many of them loudly share their opinions of a film as
 soon as it's over. In Chicago we have a rule that we do not talk about
 films with each other after the screening. I have zero need to know what my
 colleagues think, and they have the same interest in my opinion.
