
   
   
      
         
            U.S. Gets Its Locks Off

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Clinton administration's warning to the Taliban
 rulers of Afghanistan that the U.S. will hold them responsible for any
 terrorist acts attributable to Afghanistan resident Osama Bin Laden. Nobody
 else fronts this. The Washington Post lead is the ceremony in the Panama Canal
 Zone marking the imminent transfer of the waterway to Panamanian control. The
 event drew Jimmy Carter, who as president pushed for the hand-change. The
 Post quotes his reference to the "colonialism" and "state socialism" of
 the original arrangement. The New York Times fronts the canal, but
 its top non-local story is the agreement of German government and industry to
 set up a $5.1 billion fund to compensate the estimated 1 million people still
 alive who were slave laborers under the Nazis. The story runs inside at the
 WP , is flagged near the top of the Wall Street Journal front-page news box, and is fronted at
 the Los Angeles
 Times , which leads with the latest blockbuster in the paper's
 continuing coverage of the city's police scandal: the D.A.'s view that dirty
 cops may have tainted over 3,000 criminal cases. He is quoted as saying that
 more inmates will be released as a result, that criminal charges will be filed
 against some cops, and that the whole thing will take years to resolve.

            
               USAT 's lead reminds that Bin Laden has been indicted in connection
 with two 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Africa that killed 229. The paper
 explains that the warning about him comes after the State Department just
 barely announced arrests yesterday of Bin Laden operatives somewhere about to
 do something someplace. USAT cites some intelligence officials as
 sources for the idea that the intended target may have been in Vatican
 City.

            Although Germany and German corporations have paid reparations in the past
 in connection with the Nazis' murder of Jews and others, the coverage states
 that the latest sum is their first significant settlement on behalf of laborers.
