
   
   
      
         
            Studio: Dewey Care?

            
               USA
 Today leads with a poll indicating that most Americans believe the IRS
 has too much power and frequently abuses it. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a French-led investment deal, supported by the French
 government, to develop a giant natural gas field in the Persian Gulf in direct
 defiance of American economic sanctions against Iran. The Washington Post and New York Times
 lead with just-released reports about the incomes of Americans.

            The WP lead notes in passing that not all segments of society enjoyed
 significant economic gains last year--more people lacked health insurance and
 the ranks of the "very poor" increased--but this isn't emphasized in the piece
 nor in its headline: "Household Incomes Rise Again." A finding that is
 emphasized in the story is also stated in the subhead: "Disparity Between
 Women's, Men's Pay Continues to Narrow."

            The increasingly sad straits of those at or near the bottom of the economy
 is not the only report topic that the Post chooses to downplay. The
 paper doesn't broach the findings about ethnic income disparities until the
 bottom of the piece. But they are bracing: median income for whites is $37,171,
 for Hispanics $24,906, and for blacks, $23,482. And for Asians it's
 $43,276.

            Also, the WP leaves to the very last paragraph of the story this
 fact: "Family structure remains a critical predictor of who will live in
 poverty, with rates among single mothers dramatically higher, at 32.6 percent,
 than married couples, at 5.6 percent." Why does the Post play up the
 closing of the gender gap but downplay the widening of the marriage gap?

            The LAT income piece focuses on the worsening numbers for the poor,
 while the NYT income lead emphasizes minority gains right from the
 headline and claims the reports reveal "the lowest black poverty rate in the
 country's history." But the NYT delays until the fifth paragraph the
 news about the diminishing gender gap.
