
   
   
      
         
            Mixed Messages for African-American Actors
            

            Dear Elvis,

            Your message arrived in my inbox and I couldn't open it with UULite, StuffIt
 Expander, or DeBabelizer. E-mail is still not quite a universal medium when a
 user who has been online for 18 years and writes a column for a Web magazine
 can't open a binary attachment. Eventually a small, dim light bulb illuminated
 above my head, and I simply went to the 
                  Slate
                Web site--where, of
 course, your posting was waiting.

            I had a real problem with The Best Man , and maybe this is the best
 place to talk about it. I went to see it at Toronto, and found it static and
 talky. I left after an hour, because I had another screening next door I
 had to attend, and because I thought perhaps on a fresh day, freed from
 the back-to-back festival screening routine, it might look different. On a
 second viewing back in Chicago, it did not, and I passed it to another
 Sun-Times critic, just to give it another shot.

            I thought The Best Man was similar to, and inferior to, The
 Wood , which came out in July and was also a movie about high-school friends
 having a reunion at a wedding. The Wood had many of the same qualities
 of The Best Man , but more life and spirit, and it knew a lot more about
 how to use a camera instead of lining up the characters for prolonged
 heart-to-hearts.

            I know what you mean about the Michael Clarke Duncan character in The
 Green Mile . His function is essentially to absorb and process white pain,
 suffering, disease, and guilt, which he does visibly--which is a novel change
 from the decades of films in which black characters have done the same thing
 invisibly (is there much difference between what Duncan does for Hanks here and
 what Poitier did for Steiger in In the Heat of the Night ?). I also
 wondered whether a Louisiana death row would have been integrated in 1935, and
 whether all but one of its guards would have been so decent and humane.
