
   
   
      
         
            "Kyle's Mom Is a Bitch": An Exegesis
            

            Good morning, all:

            Roger: Doubtless Elvis will be responding to you about Michael Clarke Duncan
 in The Green Mile , but I've got to say I flinched when I read that "his
 function is essentially to absorb and process white pain, suffering, disease
 and guilt, which he does visibly--which is a novel change from the decades of
 films in which black characters have done the same thing invisibly." That's
 exactly what drives some of us crazy about that character--that he has no
 autonomous existence, that he's there solely to help "process" white pain.
 Poitier might have humanized Steiger, but Mr. Tibbs is nominally flesh and
 blood, a man with a full range of emotions. John Coffey is another of Stephen
 King's mystical black martyrs with extra-sensory perception. In the scene in
 which he heals Patricia Clarkson, he hovers over her bedridden form in a way
 that's meant to summon up rape fantasies of fragile white Southern flowers
 menaced by darkies--and to miraculously invert them. But to me a miraculous
 inversion of a rape fantasy is almost as cheap and false as the thing
 itself--the black saint as much of an unhealthy projection as the black
 demon.

            Before I drop the film-vs.-video, reverie-vs.-hypnosis issue, let me say
 that a) I'm salivating over your home theater setup and b) I'm slightly wary of
 anecdotal evidence. Your fears about the medium might be warranted (and let's
 find out before all those theaters get converted!), but the tendency to trance
 out in front of a boob tube (even a mega-mega-boob tube) has a lot to do with
 the setting and the quality of your attention. You can stretch out, glance
 around the room, go to the toilet, read a newspaper--and even if you don't, you
 know you have the option. I've had most of my really intense aesthetic
 experiences at live theater (and a few at the opera), and I've always figured
 that's because I'd been forced to make more of an investment in what I was
 watching--to commit to it in a way I don't when I watch TV.
