
   
   
      
         
            Toast, Coffee, and the Obituaries
            

            Dear David,

            At the Breakfast Table these days, quite literally, the first thing I turn
 to, after scanning the front page of the Times , is the obituaries. Years
 ago, some people had a prurient interest in these, such as those who went to
 the funeral of the thuggish Hollywood producer Harry Cohn to make sure that he
 was dead. But nowadays, so many of my contemporaries and colleagues are
 going--five at Harvard and MIT in the past months--that I turn to those pages
 with what Kierkegaard called "the concept of the Dread."

            The other day I read in the Times of the death of Niccolo Tucci, at
 age 91. I had not thought of Tucci in years. He had come to the United States
 just before World War II as an Italian cultural attaché, and a fascist. A
 fascist? Yes. People forget, or most never knew, that in its early years,
 fascism was a powerful intellectual movement. Mussolini had been a prominent
 left-wing socialist and editor of the party's newspaper. Marinetti, the founder
 of Italian futurism, was a fascist. As were the modernist playwright Luigi
 Pirandello, the poet d'Annunzio, and the major Italian philosopher Giovanni
 Gentile, who influenced Collingwood and was minister of education in
 Mussolini's government. Tucci had been a follower of Gentile, but broke with
 fascism during the war and became a member of Dwight Macdonald's circle around
 Politics , where I met him. He had a tart wit.

            In 1945, when I was managing editor of the monthly magazine Common
 Sense (my editor was Varian Fry, who had returned to New York after saving
 countless lives of artists and writers by arranging for their exit from Vichy
 France to Spain and Portugal and then to safer havens), I had asked Tucci to
 write a monthly column. On what? He asked. Oh, I replied, on, say, "Travels to
 America." Strange country, he said. Why do they call this America? It was the
 first name of the man (Amerigo Vespucci).
