
   
   
      
         
            Sense and Inessentiality
            

            Dear Dad,

            That was a lovely letter. A long time ago you talked to me about British
 obituaries, and since then, when I've had time, I've tried to read the obituary
 page of the Daily Telegraph . After getting your message, I went back to
 it on the Web, and saw again what you mean about the differences from American
 obits. Here's something from last Friday, from a short notice written by the
 poet P.J. Kavanagh about his late brother-in-law, Lord Milford: "He could not
 help having a creative laugh: unfeigned, joyous, it made you feel much funnier
 than you thought you were, which is among the kindest of social gifts." I can't
 imagine an American newspaper printing an obituary with a sentence like this,
 which might certainly help get readers through a cold day. There's a certain
 delight in the inessential things in life which is one of the most pleasant
 things about British (and also Irish) culture. I suppose it's one reason why
 poetry remains so much more of a vital force in Britain and Ireland than in
 America, for what is poetry if not inessential?

            Tony Blair, of course, doesn't seem to have much time for the inessential.
 His Britain has to be dynamic, forward-thrusting, fully charged. In this, he
 resembles no one so much as Margaret Thatcher, whose attitude toward the
 inessential was one of brusque, snarling contempt. Speaking as an American,
 this trend in British politics is something I deplore, and my opinion has only
 been strengthened by reading British authors like John Mortimer (of Rumpole
 of the Bailey fame), and magazines like the Spectator , which have
 made a fetish out of the British attitude toward inessential things. Long live
 fox-hunting, the House of Lords, High Table and High Church and High Tea, Horse
 Guards and public schools and the royal family! But as a historian, I can't
 resist remarking that the cultivation of the inessential is a trademark of
 aristocratic societies (aristocrats deliberately spend their time on trifles to
 show that they can , and others can't), and that as charming as it
 appears to outsiders, most native members of the society are unlikely to be so
 well disposed, since the burden of the aristocracy falls on their shoulders.
