
   
   
      
         
            Hollywood and Race
            

            Dear David,

            Re our discussion of the function of the Michael Clarke Duncan character in
 The Green Mile : I agree with you about his presentation as an
 embodiment of mistaken southern rape fantasies. My description of his function
 in the film was just that, a description, not a defense. I intended to convey
 more or less the same thing you conveyed, that his character was yet another
 example of a movie's black character functioning as the absolver of white pain
 and guilt.

            I think movies work in mysterious ways, however, and if The Green
 Mile reaches a large audience, not all of them, perhaps not most of them,
 will share the sophistication of the members of this discussion. Most people
 just go to a movie. They react to the story on levels they do not articulate to
 themselves. It may be that for some of them, the scene where John Coffey heals
 the warden's wife will play in a positive way. They will think (not in so many
 words) that appearances are misleading, that you can't judge a man by your
 prejudices, that it is wrong to fear a man like Coffey just because of his
 imposing physical presence.

            The fact is, of course, that the moment the John Coffey character and his
 story are established, we know without any question or additional exposition
 that he did not assault and murder the two little white girls, because no
 Hollywood movie of this sort would ever present an African-American character
 in such a light. By and large, when black characters are presented as guilty in
 films, it is only so that their innocence can be established, as a
 demonstration of racist assumptions.

            We know that, but many members of the audience will not. The film may work
 on them like a useful parable. I think that was King's intention in writing the
 story, and would possibly be Darabont's justification for the character.

            Has race so sensitized us that no black character can appear in any movie
 without being analyzed as a black character?
