
   
   
      
         
            Will There Be Life After Greenspan?
            

            If you blinked you missed it, but for a short while yesterday morning the
 stock and bond markets dived after a rumor that Alan Greenspan was resigning
 hit the Street. The story was quickly ... well, it wasn't exactly refuted,
 since Greenspan didn't say actually say "I'm not resigning," but it was
 rejected as unlikely, and both markets rebounded nicely.

            Fleeting as it was, the momentary episode of selling panic was interesting
 for a couple of reasons. In the first place, the rumor had all the makings of a
 story that was being floated by someone who had taken a large short position
 (in other words, who was wagering that the market was going down) and was
 trying to knock the market down after it opened strongly. There's something
 weirdly old-fashioned about the idea that a big Wall Street insider could say
 "Pssst! Hey, buddy, I hear Al's on his way out!" and send stocks tumbling. It
 fits our ideas of the 1920s, when the market was incredibly manipulable, or
 even of the 1980s more than it does the late 1990s.

            But the truth is that in the short run, markets can occasionally be pushed,
 especially when so many decisions to buy or sell are keyed off what everyone
 else in the market is doing. Chain reactions are not much harder to start (in
 fact, given how quickly price moves get noticed, they may be easier) than they
 were 70 years ago.

            All that notwithstanding, the interesting thing about the Greenspan
 resignation rumor was that it raised an obvious question: Would it really
 matter? As Jacob Weisberg just pointed out in " 
 Ballot Box," Steve Forbes is apparently the only American who doesn't think
 Greenspan has done a terrific job as Fed chairman. And most of us would be
 happy to have Greenspan stay in office even after his current term expires in
 the middle of next year. But it's interesting to note that in the past couple
 of months there have been more than a few voices--including those of economists
 Greg Mankiw and Robert Barr--suggesting that Greenspan has been more the
 beneficiary of good economic fundamentals than the creator of them.
