
   
   
      
         
            Boys on Film
            

            Dear all,

            Roger, I grew up in Chicago, where I read and watched you with admiration,
 and your remarks yesterday on reviewing etiquette gave both my admiration and
 some dormant Chicago chauvinism a shot in the arm. I doubt too many critics in
 New York squawk and swap their opinions during or even right after a screening.
 But I bet that too few them demonstrate the consideration for their readers
 that you do, or your habitual fairness.

            Elvis, you raised two really important points yesterday. The dearth of
 relationship films this year may just be a cyclical thing, I suspect.
 Beautifully acted but formulaic films like Walk on the Moon suggest we
 could use a fallow period, a year or two to regroup and think up fresh stories
 about attraction and trust. The dearth of decent roles for black actors goes
 deeper, and is much more frustrating. I'll try to see The Green Mile
 tonight so I can join in on the debate. But I have to confess I've stayed away
 so far on purpose. The preview was a turnoff, and not just because of the
 innocent giant in cuffs. For me, the red alert was the sight of Tom Hanks
 gulping and tearing up. Hanks is a supremely effective actor, I admit, but
 there are times these days when I can barely stomach him. Wherever he goes, a
 treacly, white-guy triumphalism seems to follow. He doesn't even have to be on
 screen for this to happen. Did you all see the film he directed a few years
 back, That Thing You Do ? The main character is a teen-age drummer in a
 band that hits it big in the early '60s. Hanks clearly identifies with the kid,
 and the weirdly anti-dramatic thing is this: Nothing bad happens to him
 in the film. Everything he touches turns into diamonds; he gets to steal his
 best friend's girlfriend but retain the moral upper hand; everyone, even
 strangers, watches out for his happiness. As long as I live, I won't forget the
 ending, where a black bellhop with flashing eyes and a big smile and an
 inappropriately loud, excitable voice takes it upon himself to fix up this
 kid's love life.
