
   
   
      
         
            Weimar Russia
            

            Dear Dad,

            Well, I'll accept "recycled platitudes" as covering most political life in
 the United States and the U.K. these days, and I certainly don't want to devote
 any more of this space to the dreadful Taki. So let me turn from the ridiculous
 to the sublimely horrible, and from Britain to a place where they can only
 dream of a politics of contented, recycled platitudes: Russia.

            Has ever a man been a better metaphor for the society he governs than Boris
 Yeltsin? He stands there, an awesome wreck: drunk, corrupted, angry, in pain,
 delusionary, his vital organs putrifying, but still possessing surprising
 reservoirs of strength, and still capable of delivering vicious and
 unpredictable blows. In his shambling gait and glassy, uncertain stare he
 reminds me all too closely of another awesome wreck of a man who led another
 awesome wreck of a country: Marshall von Hindenburg at the end of his life. And
 that scares me, because the similarities between Hindenburg's Weimar Germany
 and Yeltsin's Russia seem all too exact. In both cases there is the society in
 a state of collapse, the government tottering dizzily from crisis to crisis,
 and the people increasingly gripped by resentment and rage against a West they
 blame for abandoning, betraying, and exploiting them. Does Russia have a Hitler
 in waiting? Putin? Lukashenko? Lebed? Zyuganov? It's hard to take any of them
 seriously. But then, again, Hitler wasn't taken very seriously at the start,
 either, with his preposterous rhetoric and silly little moustache.

            Of course, historians easily get carried away by historical comparisons.
 But, if you forgive me for tooting my horn a little, you may remember a little
 piece I wrote for the New Republic in 1988, called "Paristroika," laying
 out the uncanny similarities between the situation of the then-Soviet Union and
 the situation of France on the eve of its 1789 revolution (the pompous
 Sovietologist Jerry Hough wrote a condescending letter to the editor, scolding
 me for my ignorance in failing to realize that the Russians would never let
 things get to the point where Ukraine or Lithuania might secede.
