
   
   
      
         
            Now She Tells Us

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Treasury Department's announcement that in the
 wake of last week's hearings, the IRS will hold monthly open houses with
 taxpayers. The Washington Post goes with the revelation that in more than
 100 murder cases, the D.C. police ignored high-quality leads supplied by
 federal cops. The New York Times
 goes with Republican doubts about the prospects for President Clinton's
 fast-track trade bill, and the Los Angeles
 Times leads with the House's refusal to allow the Census Bureau to use
 modern statistical methods in the 2000 census.

            The USAT IRS lead reports that the open houses for taxpayers with
 grievances will be monthly Saturday sessions running from 9 to 5. The paper
 points out that the new measure is part of the Clinton administration's plan to
 avoid the perception that it is too protective of the agency. Another possible
 development, says USAT , is that Clinton might propose a major overhaul
 of the tax system.

            The NYT and WP fronts don't mention the open houses. Nor does
 the Wall Street Journal "Tax Report." On its front, the
 LAT has only a tiny box "reefer" pointing to the story deep inside.

            According to the NYT lead, the Republican leaders of the House and
 the Senate say that the president's fast-track bill for negotiating global
 trade accords is in trouble in Congress and it's his fault because he hasn't
 brought along enough Democrats, many of whom are opposed to new trade bills
 that don't include stiff labor and environmental provisions. Administration
 officials tell the paper they see the Republican comments mostly as a
 negotiating tactic for wringing more concessions out of Clinton on other issues
 in return for saving the legislation.

            The LAT census lead says that the House's vote against allowing
 sampling techniques in the census might ensure an inaccurate count and cost
 California a billion dollars in lost revenue.
