
   
   
      
         
            Hankering for the Old Hanks
            

            As I'm sure someone has reminded you, Sarah, Samantha Morton in Sweet and
 Lowdown isn't a "deaf-mute" but a mere mute: How else could she worship the
 protagonist's artistry? Better than a mute, I might add: She is a mute who does
 laundry. It's the talent for laundry that puts her closest to Woody Allen's
 heart, I bet.

            Yes, we can all agree, Roger demonstrates unparalleled "consideration for
 readers" and "habitual fairness." Roger, you have evolved into the conscience
 of the American cinema. But I ask you: Isn't that role sometimes paralyzing?
 You treat The Green Mile as if it's a humanist milestone on the order of
 To Kill a Mockingbird . But it has been more than a third of a century
 since Mockingbird 's Great White Father and that shambling, saintly black
 martyr who pays for the sex crimes of white men--and in-between came the
 civil-rights movement. Isn't it time to retire this archetype? Isn't it so
 violently at odds with reality that it threatens to do more harm than good?
 (How disillusioning that some African-Americans have rough edges.) And while
 I'm at it: Why'd you like that damn Jar Jar picture???

            I'm sympathetic to your complaints about critics who loudly swap opinions at
 screenings, but I think it's more an issue for you (and Elvis, now) than for
 me. I could broadcast my views over the PA system and no one would much care,
 whereas word of your likes or dislikes would promptly make its way through the
 ranks to studio presidents, CEOs, and world leaders. (I refrain from saying
 what I think after most movies not because I want to tantalize people but
 because I reserve the right to change my mind in the course of writing a
 review.) Anyway, I'm always happy to eavesdrop on what people are saying in
 screening rooms or theaters--I often use that stuff in my columns, the tackier
 the better.

            Sarah: I hate to say it, but the "guyness" in this year's movies might be
 the corollary to all those young, hot-dogging male directors whom we've been
 celebrating.
