
   
   
      
         
            The Etymology of "Y2K"

            Y2K was born on Monday, June 12, 1995, at 11:31 p.m. It was delivered in the
 middle of an otherwise unintelligible e-mail, a contribution to an Internet
 discussion group of computer geeks exploring the millennium bug long before
 most people were surfing the World Wide Web.

            The efficiency of the term is undeniable--"Y" for "year," the number "2,"
 and "K" for "thousand" (from the Greek "kilo")--and it eventually caught on.
 But its creator remained unidentified until just over a year ago, when someone
 performed the equivalent of a computer paternity test by searching the
 discussion group's archives for the term's first use.

            The father of the phrase is a 52-year-old Massachusetts programmer named
 David Eddy, who's now the president of a Y2K consulting business (click
 here to visit his Web page). "People were calling it Year 2000,
 CDC [Century Date Change], Faddle [Faulty Date Logic]," Eddy says. "There were
 other contenders. [Y2K] just came off my fingertips."

            But what made Y2K flourish while its siblings withered? Chatterbox put in a
 call to S.B. Master, who runs a naming company called Master-McNeil (great
 name!). Master, who has helped name products for clients including Sun
 Microsystems and 3Com, performed her own "linguistic analysis" of Y2K and
 promptly listed six reasons why the term holds such appeal.

            For starters, she said, Y2K is efficient, since it uses just three
 characters; similarly structured acronyms such as IBM, NBC, and GTE are a
 staple these days. Second, it's gratifyingly symmetrical, with the two
 consonants hugging that number in the middle. Third, the whole tradition of
 combining letters and numbers is a venerated techie convention (think R2D2 and
 C3P0). The date-glitch issue has obvious technical associations; thus there is
 a strong connection between the term's appearance and its meaning.

            But none of that explains why we're not using, say, Y2M--which simply
 replaces the consonant representing the Greek term for thousand with the one
 for "mille," its Latin counterpart.
