
   
   
      
         
            Tanks for Nothing

            
               USA
 Today , the Los Angeles Times , and the New York Times lead with Wednesday's
 onset in Washington of the Israel-Syria peace talks. The Washington Post puts the talks above the fold but goes
 instead with the continued Russia vs. Chechnya fighting in the Chechen capital,
 Grozny.

            The Israel-Syria leads all describe the day starting with a Rose Garden
 ceremony in which President Clinton, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak, and
 Syrian Foreign Minister Farouk Shara spoke. Clinton's and Barak's remarks were
 brief and cordial, the papers agree, but then Shara used his remarks to tick
 off at some length a list of Syria's grievances against Israel. The papers make
 it clear that this soured the mood and created considerable awkwardness. Both
 the LAT and the NYT make this point high up, while USAT
 holds it for the penultimate paragraph. But, says the NYT , by the end of
 the day, after several hours of three-way talks, the atmosphere seemed much
 improved.

            The WP and NYT report that a Russian armored column's
 penetration into Grozny was met with strong resistance from Chechen rebels.
 Both papers, relying on a Reuters reporter on the scene, say the three-hour
 battle left 100 Russian soldiers dead, with the NYT noting that the
 total Russian KIA in this year's Chechnya fighting before yesterday's battle
 was 400. The LAT dispatch is more noncommittal about the battle, leaving
 the clear impression that it had no eyes on the battlefield. Indeed, the
 caption on the paper's front-page illustrated reefer to the battle story inside
 reads "RUSSIANS ROLL IN." The Wall Street Journal runs an AP dispatch stating that the
 Chechens have "repulsed" Russian forces.

            
               USAT reports that the Federal Aviation Administration has reversed a
 long-standing position with its announcement yesterday that it will require
 special safety seats for small children traveling in airliners.
