
   
   
      
         
            Comfort Cinema
            

            Kids:

            So much stuff to respond to, my keyboard is shaking. Of course, that could
 just be the horrifying turbulence on the plane. That and the fact that reading
 all of this e-mail via a GTE Airfone will cost me a down payment on a house.
 Rog--the reason I brought up The Green Mile had nothing to do with
 political correctness. The fact is, black men in the South in the 1930s had a
 lot to prove. As my father, who grew up in Mississippi, told me, it really was
 about working twice as fast to go half as far. If Green Mile had any
 bravery, it would have dealt with the fact that racial epithets were
 offhandedly tossed off by what were considered the best of men during that
 period. Green 
               Mile 's fear of the real world is the real political
 correctness: Every white guy in the movie is a warm, decent sort who regrets
 any motion that's vaguely menacing. Every racist in the movie is a
 caricature--even Gary Sinise, who compares blacks to dogs that'll turn on you.
 If Hanks had been forced to deal with his own incipient racism, that would have
 made his "life sentence" seem fitting--he had to lose his mortality to gain
 second sight--and the movie would have a real wallop. But the fact is, no
 studio is gonna pony up Hanks' $20 million to make audiences uncomfortable and
 remind us of attitudes that still drift throughout this country. (I have a
 cassette of censored cartoons from the era, and the racism in Coal Black and
 de Sebben Dwarfs alone is enough to explain all of the anger in hip-hop.)
 One of my concerns about moving to New York is the open racism that still lives
 in the city; the joke I used to make is the only reason black men date white
 women in Manhattan is so they can get a cab.

            A few weeks ago, I discussed with David the strain of sacrificial black
 mystics that runs throughout King's work, and put that stuff in my
 Star-Telegram review of the picture, then cut it for space reasons
 myself.
