
   
   
      
         
            News We Disapprove Of
            

            Good morning Jodi,

            I love evergreen headlines, those perpetually blooming stories that could
 run in any newspaper, any year (an example: "New Jersey Official Indicted, Mob
 Ties Alleged"). Well, the front page of today's New York Times provides
 an all-time classic of the genre: "Pediatricians Urge Limiting TV Watching."
 Stop the presses! No, on second thought, didn't I read that same story in the
 Times in 1979? Or was it 1959?

            Back in the old days, like 1979 or 1959, the Times editorial page was
 the repository of the conventional wisdom written in a uniquely ponderous style
 that combined voice-of-God self-confidence and the bromides of a
 foundation-backed task-force report. All that has mercifully changed as the
 edit page has been transformed under the editorship of Howell Raines. But every
 so often, the Times goes completely retro with a return to
 yes-but-on-the-other-hand prose. Today, the edit page finally weighed in on
 Hillary's Talk interview, devoting infinitely more space to the
 "Intimate Hillary" than was deemed appropriate by the news section. (I have
 long thought that the Times should handle hot-potato stories like this
 with a special daily page called: "News We Disapprove Of.") But the
 Times editorial concluded with a sentence so pompous and so
 non-committal that it should be immediately be added to the syllabus in
 journalism schools.

            Jodi, parse this one if you dare: "In a contest involving two personalities
 as distinctive as Mrs. Clinton and Mayor Rudolph Guiliani, the potential
 Republican nominee, every citizen will have to reach a decision that balances
 all aspects of a candidate's abilities, issue positions and personal
 qualities."

            This morning I was overjoyed to snag the last copy of the New York
 Post at my little Washington newsstand. That's where I learned of the
 latest circulation-boosting gambit by Modern Maturity , that
 up-with-aging monthly published by the AARP.
