
   
   
      
         
            Green Mile age
            

            Hi Elvis,

            Regarding your ideas about other avenues that The Green Mile could
 have explored: Yes, yours would be a better, braver, picture. The way pop
 culture works, I think, is that the themes of small, cutting-edge pictures get
 watered down over years into large, cutting-board pictures, and we can see that
 process happening here. I have no doubt that the film's portrait of race
 relations in Louisiana prisons in the 1930s is a fantasy (although no less a
 fantasy than the sentimentalized view of the Eddie Murphy-Martin Lawrence
 friendship in Ted Demme's Life ). Since all pictures are fantasies, some
 more than most, I think it is useful to look at The Green Mile in terms
 of what its viewers will see. Many of them will see not clichés and stereotypes
 but an enormously good black man whose fate they mourn. These viewers will be
 uninformed and unsophisticated in terms of the actual conditions in the South
 that your father described to you, but that is the nature of a society's
 memory.

            I had an interesting talk a few months ago with Peter Mayer, the former
 chairman of Viking/Penguin, who has published just about everyone. I asked him
 for the name of the best novelist on his list. Saul Bellow, he said. And then
 he mused that he wouldn't call Stephen King a great writer in the same sense
 but would call him a great storyteller in the Dickens tradition (I am not using
 quotation marks because I cannot claim to remember verbatim). King is scorned
 by those who do not read him, he said, but is underrated and sometimes very
 good (he suggested I start with the short stories). In India recently, I went
 to every bookstore I could find, and even in stores the size of a broom closet
 in back alleys (where the proprietors surely stocked no book they were not
 certain they could sell), Stephen King was the second-most-stocked author. (The
 most popular was Wodehouse!) These were book stalls catering to Indians.
