
   
   
      
         
            Every Man a Cineaste
            

            Dear Roger,

            Pauline Kael didn't write for "actual moviegoers like herself"; she wrote
 for ideal moviegoers like herself. She wouldn't praise a film she found
 offensively treacly or that trafficked in positive stereotypes because
 she thought it would ennoble the folks in rural America who saw only a handful
 of pictures a year. She went to the opposite extreme--she even hated films like
 To Kill a Mockingbird that arguably have done humanity good,
 especially if they've been seen by kids at an impressionable age. (The words
 "Boo Radley" are lodged in the back of any kid's mind who thinks about making
 fun of some seeming weirdo on the block.) She could be a gleeful provocateur,
 like one of those Ibsen characters who lives to hurl sticks of dynamite into
 "the damned, compact majority." And she loved to throw her own disciples off
 balance by praising both the rare piece of populist entertainment she thought
 was beautifully made or rooted in truth ( Oliver! , In the Heat of

               the Night , E.T. ) and the foreign-made art film that could never
 be seen by more than a sliver of moviegoers.

            When I called you the conscience of the American cinema, I was being neither
 ironic nor, I hope, patronizing. Because of your stature and the size of the TV
 audience you've built for film criticism, you've saddled yourself with what
 seem like political responsibilities. I don't mean to suggest that your
 response to The Green Mile (or that damn Jar Jar picture) isn't
 genuine--only that you seem to be responding both for yourself and for
 the unsophisticated moviegoer who will be better off seeing a movie in which a
 black man is a mystical healer wrongly executed than one in which a black man
 is, say, a drug pusher gorily dispatched by some action hero. You might be
 right, but you're grading on a different curve than I am.

            Does that make me an elitist? I hope it makes me exactly the opposite.
