
   
   
      
         
            Ad Nauseam

            The Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times , USA Today and the Wall Street Journal all lead with upstart Mississippi-based
 telecommunications company WorldCom's bid to acquire MCI. The New York Times
 goes with the latest target of Senate and Justice Department investigators: the
 alleged Clinton-Gore use in 1996 of state parties as a vehicle for end-running
 legal spending limits.

            The NYT account of Clinton-Gore spending practices is unusually free
 of legal qualification. It straight-out says "The Democratic National Committee
 quietly transferred at least $32 million to state Democratic parties in the
 last election as part of an elaborate plan to spend more money than federal
 election law appeared to allow on a massive advertising campaign that
 indirectly helped re-elect President Clinton." The paper makes it clear that
 the strategy was directed not independently by the state parties but centrally
 by the campaign. Dick Morris is among those quoted in support: "It was a
 charade to say those were ads of the state parties....I never spoke to anyone
 from any state."

            The story also notes that the Republican Party used similar strategies
 during the last election, and that the Justice Department is reviewing its
 spending in this area as well, but doesn't note this until the twenty-third
 paragraph. And it's not mentioned at all in either the story's headline or
 subhead.

            The Times story has this juicy detail indicating that there were some
 worries inside the campaign about the scheme's propriety: During the campaign,
 senior Clinton aide Harold Ickes pressed for an indemnification clause in the
 media consultants' contract that would have forced the consultants to pay any
 fines levied if the plan was found to be illegal. The consultants refused.

            The WorldCom bid for MCI seems to have enraptured the press because of its
 size--it would be the largest U.
