
   
   
      
         
            The Millennium's Most Intriguing People
            

            Dear Dad,

            I suspect some readers may be wondering what Kerensky, Kafka, and Prince
 Lazar are doing at the Breakfast Table. I can only assure them that, in our
 family, the breakfast table really is like this. OK, not always. In fact, not
 often. But sometimes.

            Your 1½-year-old grandson was sick and kept us up half the night (nothing
 serious, luckily, and now he's tearing around the house like usual), so if this
 were a real breakfast table, my conversation would not be rising very far above
 occasional groans, grunts, and frantic gestures towards the coffee pot. This
 being the case, I'm not sure how coherently I'll be able to respond to your
 interesting thoughts about the living presence of history. But I'll try.

            So: Speaking of the Defenestration of Prague (how's that for a conversation
 opener?), one of the funniest things about it is that one of the surviving
 victims--who fell on a dung-heap, not a haystack--was subsequently knighted,
 and given the title Freiherr von Hohenfall, which translates roughly as "Lord
 Highjump."

            But more seriously, you suggest we talk about the Millennium. What has
 interested me, as a professional historian, about the media's coverage of the
 subject so far, has been how relatively little attention has been paid to the
 history of the planet between 1000 and 2000. I expected far more in the way of
 exhibitions, TV shows, special editions of magazines, polls commissioned on
 "who were the most significant figures of the past 1,000 years," and so on,
 particularly given the enormous interest in history that is demonstrated by
 things like the success of the History Channel (history as a living presence,
 in the living room). All right, there were the special issues of the New
 York Times Magazine . But not as much else as I would have thought.

            I suspect one reason is that a thousand years is just too long a period of
 time.
