
   
   
      
         
            The SEC's Battle Against Selective Disclosure
            

            Sometimes a situation seems so obviously wrong that you can't believe it's
 allowed to continue. Then someone--like, say, the Securities and Exchange
 Commission--comes along and says the situation won't be allowed to continue,
 and a host of opponents spring up to say, unbelievably, "Things are just fine
 the way they are." To which the only reasonable response, of course, is to say,
 "Who are these people?"

            This is pretty much the story of the SEC's battle against the selective
 disclosure of significant financial and business information by companies to
 investment bank analysts and large institutional investors, who routinely get
 looks inside companies and notifications of changes in future outlooks long
 before everyone else does. SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt has been publicly on the
 attack against selective disclosure for the past 18 months, and yesterday the
 SEC issued a remarkably measured proposal, Regulation FD, that simply stated in
 essence that companies would not release any "material information" privately.
 Instead of applauding the regulation, Wall Street looks ready to fight it.

            From one perspective, of course, this is hardly surprising. Investment banks
 and brokerage houses built their businesses around their access to information,
 and their ability to get that information to their clients before it reached
 anyone else. And while in theory that information could be--and sometimes
 is--the product of especially dedicated digging or sharp analysis, it's often
 the product of a phone call to a chief financial officer, or comes from a vice
 president who lets slip that the fourth quarter is looking especially good. If
 you give up selective disclosure, and create a truly free flow of information
 between companies and all of their investors, then the possibility of making
 easy profits (either by getting in before everyone hears the good news, or
 getting out before everyone hears the bad) disappears.
