
   
   
      
         
            The End of Revolution
            

            Dear Dad,

            Well, that message would have been the right place to stop. After Karl Marx
 and the Revelation of Saint John, anything else is going to be a bit of an
 anticlimax. But I'll take a stab at it anyway, and finish, in the spirit of the
 family, and maybe even the Breakfast Table, not with a last word, but with a
 last question. Are we at the End of Eschatology?

            Let me explain what I mean. At the beginning of the decade, Fukuyama put
 forward his famous thesis about how we were at the End of History, only to see
 History seem to resume with a vengeance, as you put it the other day. But he
 was obviously onto something. I would call it the end of revolution. It was
 only a little over 200 years ago that the modern idea of revolution developed:
 that is, the idea that society, and perhaps even human nature, could be rapidly
 altered and improved through concerted political action. It has its origin, as
 much as anywhere, in Rousseau. "The passing from the state of nature to the
 civil society," he wrote, "produces a remarkable change in man; it puts justice
 as a rule of conduct in the place of instinct, and gives his actions the moral
 quality they previously lacked." Here, in these remarkable words, is the seed
 of modern radical politics, the promise that brute human nature and selfish
 instinct can be overcome, given the proper political system. The French
 Revolutionaries believed in it, and talked of the "new man" (nu?). So did the
 Russian Revolutionaries.

            This promise, that people can be suddenly and purposefully redeemed and
 lifted above their sinful natures, is a profoundly Christian one. And it is no
 accident that the idea of revolution arose at a moment when the terrible fires
 of religious conflict had burnt out in Europe, and European thinkers had
 largely concluded that forcibly imposing possible Christian salvation on
 doctrinal enemies was not worth the enormous cost in blood and toil that two
 centuries of religious warfare had taken (the Thirty Years' War alone reduced
 the population of Germany by as much as 25 percent).
