
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            This was one of those weeks in the market that a couple
 of decades ago, perhaps even a decade ago, would have seemed inconceivable. (I
 know, every week these days probably would have seemed inconceivable.) Despite
 some really impressive news on the inflation front--the Consumer Price Index
 rose a weaker-than-expected 0.1 percent and the Labor Department issued a study
 saying that states with the lowest unemployment rates showed no added
 inflationary pressure--interest rates just kept rising, touching 6.4 percent at
 one point on Thursday. Normally, those kinds of yields in the bond market would
 pull money out of stocks. But at least when it came to the powerhouses of this
 stock market, the big-cap tech names, no one even blinked. Y2K? Tax-selling
 after the New Year? High p/e ratios? It does not seem to matter. So down the
 egg nog and give shares in some Internet highfliers as gifts. It'll be just
 like when my grandmother used to give us lottery tickets for our birthdays.

            1. "The Justice Department is
 investigating MTV for possible antitrust violations. I can hear the lawyers
 talking now: 'Well, we could go after Exxon. But if we go after MTV, even if
 nothing comes of it, we'll probably get to meet Serena Altschul and Jennifer
 Lopez.' "

            2. "Michael O'Reilly, the chief financial officer of
 Linux software maker Corel , announced he was
 resigning Wednesday. O'Reilly is the third exec to
 leave the company in two weeks. Corel says they all left for 'personal
 reasons.' As in, they were personally appalled at the direction the company was
 taking, and could no longer work there in good conscience?"

            3. "Sony Pictures announced that Amy Pascal, president of Columbia Pictures , was being promoted to
 chairwoman, even though Columbia has been in a slump and had only one hit this year . On the other hand, Pascal was visionary
 enough to green-light Adam Sandler's Big Daddy .
