
   
   
      
         
            No Relation No. 7
            

            In the 7 th installment of the ongoing No Relation series--which
 sorts out newsmakers with confusingly similar names--Explainer takes on the
 Gessens and Glennys, as well as the many variations of Kaczynskis:

            
               Masha Gessen is the chief correspondent for Itogi , the Russian
 affiliate of Newsweek . Her reports on the turmoil in post-Communist
 Russia have appeared in the New Republic , the Christian Science
 Monitor , the Moscow Times (the city's English language daily), and

                  Slate
                (click here to read her assessment of
 Viktor Chernomyrdin and here for one of her
 "Dispatches from Hell"--Russia's extreme north). In 1997, she authored Dead
 Again: The Russian Intelligentsia After Communism and edited Half a
 Revolution , a collection of contemporary stories by Russian women.

            Recently, Gessen has filed occasional reports from the Balkans, which is
 where Misha Glenny gained notoriety. Glenny was the BBC's Central Europe
 correspondent before and during the wars in Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina. His
 long-term perspective on the region landed him frequently on NPR, as well as in
 the New York Times , Harper's , and Foreign Affairs . After
 writing a book on the roots of the Yugoslavian wars, he is now working as an
 independent journalist. His second book--a history of Balkan nationalism--will
 be published in early 2000. Misha's father, Michael Glenny , is
 well-known for his translations of Russian works. Most of his
 translations--including Mary , Nabokov's first novel--are of literature,
 but he also translated Boris Yeltsin's autobiography, Against the
 Grain .

            The name Kaczynski is, of course, most closely associated with the
 Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski , who is serving a life term in federal prison.
 Kaczynski is appealing his sentence, maintaining his confession was not
 voluntary--a claim that will be heard by the 9 th Circuit Court of
 Appeals.
