
   
   
      
         
            Bottoms Up

            The New York Times
 leads with Janet Reno's announcement that she's expanding her inquiry into Al
 Gore's fund-raising phone calls. USA Today leads with the news that juvenile violent
 crime has dropped more than 9 percent in the past year, the Los Angeles
 Times with the word that the U.S. is likely to OK nuclear power deals
 between U.S. firms and China, and the Washington Post with the news that President Clinton is
 about to propose civilian review boards to oversee the IRS.

            The Times reports that while deciding to go forward on Gore, Reno
 rejected the need for an independent counsel to investigate Bill Clinton's
 White House coffees and Lincoln Bedroom-visit arrangements. Reno has till the
 middle of the month before deciding whether or not to expand her inquiry into
 Clinton's fund-raising phone calls.

            The NYT also reveals that one of the attorneys Gore has hired to help
 with his mounting problems is doing the work pro bono. The lawyer , James Neal,
 says the practice is legal and ethical. The WP front-page piece about
 Reno's decision has virtually all the same information, except that the
 Post missed the Gore-pro bono tidbit.

            However, the Post does break ground in a long front-page piece about
 the disarray surrounding what it calls the DOJ's "crippled" 11-month
 investigation into White House fund raising. The core problem apparently was
 that the FBI wanted to focus on the president, vice president, and other senior
 officials, but the Justice Department attorneys wanted a "bottom up"
 investigation. (The DOJ lawyers are defending their point of view in the
 Wall Street Journal 's "Washington Wire," saying the
 case against naming a special prosecutor is "pretty strong.") As a result, says
 the paper, the task force didn't even interview senior officials for eight
 months, and the information that may eventually result in the appointment of an
 independent counsel came not from the task force but from a "newspaper
 account.
