
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            To the chagrin of many and the joy of at least a few, Cocktail Chatter
 returns after a two-week absence, which God knows I hope made your hearts grow
 fonder. Not coincidentally, perhaps, the two weekly recaps that went unwritten
 would have had to detail a stock market tumbling steadily downhill, a Net
 sector in which investors appeared to have lost all faith, and interest rates
 that had reached a two-year high. (Though it's always worth remembering that
 6.25 percent is not exactly usurious.) This week, things brightened slightly,
 for no obvious reason aside from excellent earnings from bellwethers Cisco (a
 holding of mine) and Wal-Mart (which I don't own but probably should) and a
 general sense that the market was "oversold."

            "Oversold" doesn't mean anything, of course. It just means that prices have
 dropped pretty far pretty quickly. Unfortunately, sometimes prices drop far and
 quickly for good reasons. This wasn't one of those times, I think, but
 "oversold" is not a label that helps you tell the difference. But it's a good
 word to use at cocktail parties if you want everyone to know you're in the
 know. Actually, it's a good word to use if you want people to think you're a
 crackpot. But that can be fun, too. And so, once more into the breach.

            1. "This from Bloomberg News: 'Microsoft Corp. said AvantGo Inc., which
 delivers customized information to handheld computers, will offer
 Microsoft's Slate online magazine in a bid to widen distribution of
 the highbrow Web publication ... The push to broaden 
                  Slate's
 distribution is part of a sweeping effort by the world's biggest software maker
 to strengthen its Internet business and better compete with No. 1 online
 service America Online, Inc. ... Microsoft, which is based in Redmond,
 Washington, fell 1 5/16 to 83 13/16.' Next we'll be blamed for the fact that
 Paul Allen is selling two million Microsoft shares .
