
   
   
      
         
            Cinematic Morals
            

            Dear David,.

            As to whether Pauline Kael, you and I, or anyone, should support a film
 simply because it might do humanity some good, my argument is: All good films
 do humanity some good, and no bad films do. So I will not give a movie a pass
 because its heart is in the right place, and voted thumbs down on such as A
 Soldier's Story , Besieged , Buena Vista Social Club (great
 music, bad direction, terrible story sense, too much Ry Cooder), Jakob the
 Liar , and The Other Sister .

            In writing approvingly about The Green Mile , I was not endorsing it
 for political reasons but for personal ones. Aware although I was of the
 broadness of the John Coffey character, I genuinely liked the movie--found it
 absorbing, careful storytelling. Reports from theaters indicate audiences, by
 and large, love it and are moved by it; it may emerge as the season's biggest
 hit.

            If I have "saddled myself with political responsibilities," it has not been
 consciously, but I don't think that would be a bad thing for any critic to do,
 at least when a film makes it appropriate. My intense dislike for Very Bad
 Things and the second half of Fight Club reflected political or
 moral outrage, among other things. And should have. Anyone who can find racism
 in The Green Mile but not fascism in Fight Club is looking
 through a very specialized filter.

            But I hope you don't believe I would praise or attack a movie I didn't
 actually like/hate, just because of a political agenda. As for the "damn
 Jar-Jar picture," that one is an excellent example of a film so quickly
 dismissed by fast-draw gossip that many critics (I am not including you) may
 have been ashamed to say they liked it. It could have been the lost footage
 from Magnificent Ambersons and if presented by George Lucas in that
 climate would have been shot down. It is always a little sad when critics tune
 their strings with "Page Six.
