
   
   
      
         
            Body and Soul
            

            Guys,

            One last thing, if you can bear with me: I've been meaning all week to mount
 the case for The Sixth Sense , a film audiences loved and critics liked,
 sortakinda, but seemed to worry about liking too much. In my opinion, The
 Sixth Sense is every bit as ambitious and provocative, and in some ways
 more fully realized, than Three Kings . Let's start with the small gifts
 of this movie, the little things it attempts that so few American movies ever
 bother with. The urban backdrop: Tak Fujimoto's sublimely subtle, atmospheric
 cinematography made Philadelphia look ancient, decadent, well-worn; rarely does
 an American film setting feel so saturated with the past and teeming with the
 footprints left by earlier generations. Then there's the low-key honesty about
 class--the contrast between Bruce Willis's psychologist, a posterboy gentrifier
 in a townhouse stuffed with antiques, and the wonderful Toni Colette's
 struggling mom. With just a few quick strokes, writer-director M. N. Shyamalan
 paints a totally authentic-feeling picture of yuppiedom--its decent intentions,
 complacency, and loneliness--and I didn't see a less whitewashed or sensational
 portrait of working-class family life this year. (As opposed to the voyeuristic
 Rosetta , where the camera pants after the poor heroine, cornering her
 like a pig in a pen and treating her vulnerability as a turn-on--an occasion
 for a kind of art-house porn.) As for the famous trick ending, it is not a
 trick so much as the solution to a problem the film has been posing all along.
 The film has such a fragmented point of view, it's like a rigorously worked-out
 cubist canvas, except that unlike a cubist, Shyamalan moves through the
 fragments to a new level of clarity. I may be jumping to conclusions based on
 the fact that Shayamalan is Indian-American, but The Sixth Sense strikes
 me as philosophically rather complicated, and possibly in dialogue with some
 non-Western ideas you don't get to see too often in films, unless they're
 uttered in egregiously bad faith by a wisecracking, turban-wearing showboat
 like Whoopi Goldberg or Robin Williams.
