
   
   
      
         
            Signs of Intelligent Life
            

            Roger: I'd never accuse you of consciously formulating your reviews in
 accordance with a political agenda. My fear, based on lifelong respect for your
 writing and the early corruption of my morals by Beyond the Valley of the
 Dolls , is that the immense responsibility you've assumed could get in the
 way of your having irresponsible fun. It would be OK if you hated South
 Park: Bigger, Longer 
               & Uncut ; what worried me was that you said
 you felt guilty for having laughed. By the way, I missed the racism in that
 film--unless it was the depiction of Canadians as having crudely bisected
 eggheads. As for homophobia: I saw, on the contrary, a sophisticated gay/camp
 worldview being slipped in through the back door. So to speak.

            
               Fight Club is a more difficult case. Its makers clearly thought they
 were satirizing fascism; you think they ended up celebrating it. My view is
 closer to yours, but it's a tricky line. Some of the greatest artists burrow so
 deeply into their characters' twisted psyches that they risk making a case for
 "the dark side." (A seminal masterpiece, Taxi 
               Driver , goes about
 as deep as you can--and some people think too deep.) A smart, twentysomething
 former 
                  Slate
                writer tried to explain to me the other day that the
 point of Fight Club is that the hero spends the whole movie punching
 himself in the face. To him (and many others), this ironically brutal
 confession of impotence sums up the messy, unresolved feelings of his
 generation. I'm skeptical--I think the film's ironies are more opportunistic
 than insightful. But I find it so much harder to dismiss than The Green
 Mile , which doesn't ever risk making the case for its evil characters'
 worldview--and so illuminates nothing.

            Sarah: Lovely case for The Sixth Sense , which had me bawling at the
 end although it cheated like mad and I could smell the greasepaint on those
 ghosts.
