
   
   
      
         
            Why Saturday Night Live Is Not Anti-Semitic

            Is anti-Semitism always anti-Semitic, or can it be something else? Abraham
 Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League thinks it's always anti-Semitic, but
 Culturebox disagrees. The case in point: A little more than a week ago, Foxman
 wrote a letter to NBC asking it never to rebroadcast portions of a Dec. 4
 Saturday Night Live skit he said were offensive to Jews. NBC first
 agreed not to. But after SNL 's executive producer, Lorne Michaels,
 objected, the network put the matter "under review." The sketch in question
 parodies a recent CBS Christmas special And So This Is Christmas . The
 idea is to do a promotional spot for the forthcoming CBS special "And So
 This Is Hanukkah ." For those who didn't tune in on Dec. 4, it went like
 this:

            Strains of bad klezmer music and a portentous voice-over give way to clips
 of pop stars (played by SNL cast members) singing Hanukkah songs. The
 female performers wear scanty clothing and make crude sexual gestures. The men
 wear yarmulkes and rap exaggeratedly or dry-hump their backup singers. The
 songs range from the mildly amusing to the unfunny. "Lou Bega" replaces
 "Monica" with "Hanukkah" in his famous refrain, "A little bit of Monica in my
 life." "Ricky Martin" does the same with "La Vida Loca." "Tori Amos" sings a
 torchy holiday ballad while nearly having sex with a piano leg. And divas
 "Britney Spears" (played by guest host Christina Ricci), "Mariah Carey," and
 "Celine Dion" share their feelings about the Jewish holiday. "Spears" thinks
 it's OK because the Christians have forgiven the Jews for killing Christ.
 "Dion" recalls that when she asked her mother what Hanukkah was, her mother
 said it was a holiday celebrated by the people who own the movie studios and
 the banks.

            It's those last two bits Foxman wants pulled from circulation. Out of
 context, this isn't crazy, since the Christ-killer epithet has justified
 pogroms for centuries and the international Jewish banking and media conspiracy
 theory is alive and being propagated.
