
   
   
      
         
            Guystock

            The New York Times
 leads with the news that some insurance companies are skirting the new law
 that's supposed to guarantee available health coverage to millions of Americans
 who change jobs or who have pre-existing conditions. At the Los Angeles
 Times , it's Promise Keepers and at the Washington Post , it's Promise Keepers big-time.

            The NYT insurance story is dramatic proof of a gaping hole in last
 year's Kennedy-Kassebaum bill, which was viewed at the time as taking the first
 important step towards universal coverage: namely, the bill says insurance
 companies have to extend coverage to those they had tended to cut off, but it
 doesn't say the companies can't gouge them for it. (This is a feature Congress
 could have easily added. The Times points out New York state has had
 such a law since 1992.) For example, Design Benefit Plans charges 35 percent
 extra to individuals purchasing policies under the new law, and the paper
 quotes Rep. Pete Stark as saying that insurers in many states are charging
 $6,000 to people with pre-existing conditions.

            The WP coverage of the Promise Keepers rally is all-out--three pieces
 on the front page and another six inside. The lead story credits name twenty
 Post staffers. The paper describes the event as one of the largest
 gatherings ever in the nation's capital and one of the biggest religious
 gatherings in the nation's history, and says the crowd numbered "perhaps a
 half-million people." Although the official program was multi-racial and
 multi-ethnic, the WP says the attendees were "overwhelmingly white,
 reflecting the composition of the organization." One woman comments to the
 paper that she was "surprised by how clean-cut and how educated" the Promise
 Keepers were. "I guess," she adds, "that makes it even more scary."

            The LAT says the crowd appeared to number "well over half a million
 people" and that it "contained large numbers of blacks and other minorities, as
 well as wives and other women.
