
   
   
      
         
            Russians to Judgment

            The Washington Post , New York Times and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the early returns from Russia's parliamentary
 elections, surprising because they show that centrist and reform parties,
 including a brand-new Kremlin-based bloc, the Unity party, have made gains that
 significantly cut into the power long wielded in the legislature by the
 communists. The Wall Street Journal runs the Russian election at the top of
 its world-wide news box. USA Today puts it deep inside, leading instead with the
 U.S. government's search for one to three accomplices of an alleged Algerian
 terrorist caught on Friday trying to cross into the U.S. from Canada with a
 bomb-kit in his car. The story describes a federal law enforcement
 establishment both practicing and urging heightened anti-terrorist awareness
 heading into the new year, a topic that is fronted by the LAT , reefered
 at the NYT and carried inside at the WP .

            Both the WP and NYT say high up that the election results
 figure to be a boost to the presidential ambitions of Prime Minister Vladimir
 Putin. The LAT doesn't mention Putin until the 17th paragraph. Everybody
 agrees that the election is something of a referendum on the Yeltsin-Putin
 aggressive stance against Chechen rebels--the parties that strongly support it
 did best. The LAT reminds of the volatility of Russian politics when it
 points out that all this comes seven months after Yeltsin was nearly impeached
 by parliament for starting a war in Chechnya.

            The WP , LAT and USAT front the death toll in Venezuela
 from flooding and mudslides. The high estimate: 5,000 killed and 150,000 left
 homeless.

            The NYT , WP and USAT front the biggest news from
 yesterday's televised joint appearance of Bill Bradley and Al Gore:
 Gore's challenge to Bradley to agree to stop all television and radio
 commercials and debate regularly instead. Bradley turned Gore down, refusing to
 shake Gore's extended hand, the papers say, calling the idea "ridiculous.
