
   
   
      
         
            Jeremy Rifkin's Spurious Suit Against Monsanto
            

            At this point, shareholders in life-sciences giant Monsanto have to be
 wondering what else can go wrong. Last year, the company's prospective merger
 with American Home Products unraveled in acrimony over leadership and strategy
 questions. The company's agribusiness unit, which it had once planned to make
 the center of its operations, became the target of serious opposition in Europe
 to genetically modified seeds and crops. Even as the major stock indices
 continued to rise briskly, Monsanto's shares have languished. And this past
 week has seen bad news on two different fronts. Last Tuesday, a class-action
 lawsuit orchestrated by environmental gadfly Jeremy Rifkin was filed against
 the company, while today investors reacted to news of Monsanto's planned merger
 with Pharmacia & Upjohn by sending the company's shares down 12
 percent.

            I've written enough here about the vices of mergers, and those vices are
 well-documented enough, to make any extended comment on the Monsanto/Pharmacia
 deal superfluous. There's no good reason to think that this deal will work, and
 it smacks of a move made--by both Monsanto and Pharmacia--to preempt other,
 perhaps hostile, suitors. So the Street's reaction to the deal was sensible.
 The one interesting element of that reaction, though, was that investors were
 frustrated that, as part of the deal, Monsanto will be spinning off just 19
 percent of its agribusiness unit. That unit is now generally acknowledged to be
 a drain on the company's stock price, and so Monsanto shareholders have been
 hoping for a full spin-off. But in the wake of this deal, tax considerations
 make anything more than a 19 percent spinoff next to impossible to pull
 off.

            In the long run, that may actually be a good thing. Given the ongoing uproar
 over genetically modified crops, an uproar that has played an important role in
 the opposition to the World Trade Organization and that has become a key trade
 issue between the United States and Europe, agribusiness certainly seems to be
 a short-term loser.
