
   
   
      
         
            Secrets and Spies

            The Los Angeles
 Times , USA
 Today , and the New
 York Times lead with follow-ups on the Los Angeles day-care shootings.
 The Washington
 Post goes with anonymously sourced reports of Chinese military
 plotting against Taiwan, a story fronted by the NYT . The Wall Street Journal places atop its "Worldwide" box the
 Energy Department's decision to seek punishment in a botched nuclear-espionage
 investigation, a story fronted by USAT and the NYT . All the
 papers front countdown stories to Saturday's Iowa straw poll.

            Follow-up to the Los Angeles shooting takes different forms. In the
 LAT , a four-column headline reveals that suspect Buford Furrow had
 considered unloading his weapons at three prominent local Jewish sites: the
 Museum of Tolerance, the Skirball Cultural Center, and the University of
 Judaism. (The Post also mentions that he scouted three locations.) But
 after finding security there too tight, he stumbled upon the North Valley
 Jewish Community Center. USAT's follow-up focuses on proposals by
 Attorney General Janet Reno for more federal gun regulation. The story fails to
 define clearly what Reno actually proposed (it summarizes one of her proposals
 as simply, "federal limits on handgun purchases") and never mentions what laws
 are on the books already. The NYT details how schools are taking
 elaborate precautions against shootings, despite federal reports that
 gun-carrying and violence in schools have actually declined this year.
 Simulated shootings in schools in Florida and Pennsylvania, for instance, have
 featured SWAT teams, helicopters, ersatz pipe bombs, and drama students
 sporting fake wounds. The director of a superintendents' lobby group sums up
 the mood nicely when he tells the NYT : "Everyone feels the need to do
 something, even though no one agrees on what that should be."

            The NYT and WP report that Chinese Embassy officials and
 visiting military advisers and scholars have hinted that the Chinese government
 is considering a blockade of some small Taiwan-controlled islands, a small air
 battle, or perhaps an incursion into Taiwanese waters to punish the nation for
 its recent talk of independence.
