
   
   
      
         
            Brewing Scandal

            The White House video revelations lead at the Washington Post , the New York Times ,
 and USA
 Today . They are also the lead national story at the Los Angeles
 Times and top off the Wall Street Journal 's "World-Wide" news box.

            The situation, now reported by everyone, and broken by Time , is that
 this past weekend the White House gave congressional and Department of Justice
 investigators videotapes of 44 different White House coffees in which potential
 or actual campaign contributors met with the president. The tapes could shed
 light on a question investigators have been looking into for some time: Did
 President Clinton and/or Vice-President Gore actively solicit contributions
 inside the White House? The tapes have already set off a political firestorm
 because the Justice Department didn't receive them until Saturday, the day
 after Janet Reno announced she found no evidence that the coffees broke the
 law. Sen. Arlen Specter's remark yesterday on CNN that with the latest flap,
 the White House "may have crossed the line of obstruction of justice" is quoted
 by USAT and the WP . The Post points out that such tapes
 were ostensibly covered by congressional committee subpoenas going back to last
 January, while the WSJ adds that Senate investigators had previously
 been told that no such tapes existed.

            
               USAT , the NYT and the LAT each report that one segment
 of the tapes appears to show then-DNC Chairman Don Fowler being offered five
 checks by an unidentified attendee. Also drawing wide attention: the only
 segment of the compilation without a sound track is the one in which Clinton is
 seen meeting with John Huang. "We have a Rose Mary Woods problem here," an
 investigator tells the Post .

            The NYT presses the questionable timing of the videos' release a bit
 more than the other papers, pointing out that the Senate investigations
 committee was notified about them on Thursday and that White House officials
 met with committee staffers on Friday.
