
   
   
      
         
            Why Wonderful Life Comes but Once a Year
            

            
               It's a Wonderful Life aired on television last weekend--one of its
 only 1999 broadcasts. Just a few years ago, the movie seemed to be shown on a
 different channel almost every day throughout the Christmas season. What
 changed?

            U.S. copyright law determines who may distribute, display, or reproduce a
 film, a book, a drawing--essentially anything "fixed in a permanent medium," as
 the lawyers like to say. Works not covered by copyrights--including ones with
 copyrights that have expired and those that never secured this protection--are
 said to be in the "public domain." These works, like the near-ancient Sherlock
 Holmes stories and some of Charlie Chaplin's silent films, can be reproduced,
 broadcast, and sold freely.

            
               It's a Wonderful Life entered the public domain by accident. In 1946,
 when the movie was filmed, U.S. copyright protection lasted 28 years and could
 be renewed for another 28 years by filing some paperwork and paying a nominal
 fee. However, Republic Pictures, the original copyright owner and producer of
 Wonderful Life , neglected to renew the 1946 copyright in 1974. So, the
 film entered the public domain. Though a box-office flop on release, it became
 immensely popular on television thanks to repeated showings: Stations
 programmed it heavily during the holidays, paying no royalties to its
 producers, and more than 100 distributors sold the movie on tape.

            Republic regained control of the lucrative property in
 1993 by flexing a new Supreme Court ruling that determined that the holder of a
 copyright to a story from which a movie was made had certain property rights
 over the movie itself. Since Republic still owned the copyrighted story behind
 It's a Wonderful Life and had also purchased exclusive rights to the
 movie's copyrighted music, it was able to essentially yank the movie out of the
 public domain: It claimed that since Wonderful Life relied on these
 copyrighted works, the film could no longer be shown without the studio's
 blessing.
