
   
   
      
         
            Policy Corner: Two Lousy Education Ideas

            
               Gore's signing bonuses : Al Gore proposes to meet the rising demand
 for new teachers by creating what he calls a "21st Century National Teachers Corps." Of the 75,000 talented
 people he hopes to attract to teaching each year, he thinks 60,000 should be
 new college graduates and 15,000 should be "mid-career professionals" who want
 to change jobs. Gore wants to attract bright and talented people in both
 categories by giving them hefty signing bonuses. In last Friday's
 Nightline debate, he indicated that he would set the bounty at $10,000 a
 head.

            What a poor use of $750 million a year that would be. There are tens of
 thousands of capable college graduates as well as mid-career professionals who
 would love nothing more than to become public-school teachers either for a few
 years or longer. But they can't become public-school teachers. What prevents
 them isn't the insufficient pay, the low social status, or the emotionally
 taxing work. It's the teachers' unions, which maintain powerful barriers to
 entry in the form of certification requirements. This means that if you're a
 smart young college graduate or a bored lawyer or a retired-at-42 Army colonel
 who wants to teach in a public school, you can't do so without obtaining
 credits in education. And because education courses are a colossal waste of
 time, many people who would make wonderful teachers never get the
 opportunity.

            The idea of a Peace Corps-type program fueled by big signing bonuses seems
 odd in any case. If Gore really wants to attract more talented people to
 careers in teaching, he needs to do two things he's not doing. He needs to
 appeal to the idealism of those he wants to recruit by telling them that they
 can make more money elsewhere but that they can do more for society by becoming
 teachers. And he needs to prevent his allies in the teachers' unions from
 continuing to serve as gatekeepers to the profession.
