
   
   
      
         
            Hollywood's Opening-Night Neurosis
            

            If you want to be, oh, a heretic and actually go out to the movies this
 Friday night instead of staying at home watching It's a Wonderful Life,
 good luck finding a new--I mean, brand-spanking new--movie to watch. There
 won't be any. Either there will be movies that have been in the theaters at
 least a week (and who wants to watch those on a Friday night?) or movies that
 opened today (this list includes Man on the Moon, Any Given Sunday , and
 Snow Falling on Cedars ). But unlike every other Friday in movie history,
 there will be no Hollywood films opening on Dec. 24. The four that might
 have-- The Talented Mr. Ripley, Galaxy Quest , Titus , and
 Angela's Ashes --will instead be opening on Christmas, which in the case
 of Ripley and Titus makes for a very odd combination.

            The studios have explained that they aren't releasing their movies on
 Christmas Eve because it is one of the slowest--if not the
 slowest--moviegoing day of the year, and they'd rather wait and let their films
 debut with a splash on Christmas. This sounds plausible, until you think about
 what the decision to release the films a day late actually means. Since movies
 always end their runs on Thursdays (or occasionally Tuesdays) regardless of
 when those runs start, it means that these movies will have one fewer day in
 which to make money. That's not a day the studios will be able to get back at
 some point. Whenever their runs end, Ripley , et al., will have runs that
 are one day shorter than they otherwise would have been.

            Now, the cost of showing those films for that extra day is negligible enough
 that even if only a few people show up, you'll make some money. And it isn't as
 if the theaters are going to be closed on Christmas Eve. They're going to be
 showing something . In fact, they'll be showing Any Given Sunday
 and Man on the Moon , among other movies. So why would the studios make a
 decision to keep their films out of theaters?
