
   
   
      
         
            Tough Sit

            The New York Times
 and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the agreement that New Jersey struck Wednesday with the
 Dept. of Justice that's designed to ensure that the state's highway police stop
 using race as a factor in making traffic stops. The Washington Post leads with testimony from last week's court
 hearing for Wen Ho Lee in which an FBI agent said that Lee went to unusual
 lengths to mislead his colleagues at Los Alamos about what he was doing when
 during nighttime and weekend sessions, he downloaded onto portable tapes the
 highly classified nuclear secrets to which he had access. USA Today
 leads with a new poll (undertaken with CNN and Gallup) indicating that, because
 of the latest terrorism concerns, 50 percent of respondents are less likely to
 attend public gatherings on New Year's Eve or New Year's Day. The poll also
 found that nearly two-thirds of those asked thought it was at least somewhat
 likely that an act of terrorism would occur somewhere in the U.S. on one of
 those two days. The story also reports that on Wednesday a federal grand jury
 indicted the Algerian arrested in Washington state for trying to smuggle
 bombmaking components into the country, a development that is fronted at the
 WP and reefered at the NYT . Neither the Post nor
 USAT front the racial profiling story.

            Both Times leads state that under the New Jersey profiling deal, the
 state police will report to a federal monitor who will have broad powers to
 investigate virtually any police function and who will track the cops' patterns
 of arrests and traffic stops to make sure that minorities are not being singled
 out. Neither story really gets at the nuances involved in really doing this.
 The NYT mentions for instance that under the agreement with Justice,
 troopers are still allowed to make a race-based stop when they are pursuing a
 specific criminal suspect, but neither story says whether an all points
 bulletin saying to be on the look out for say, a fleeing black or Latino is
 specific enough.
