
   
   
      
         
            Would You Like Some More Coffees?

            
               USA
 Today and the New York
 Times lead with the continuing furor over the White House coffee
 videos. The top story at the Washington Post is a major espionage arrest. And the
 national lead at the Los Angeles Times is the awarding of the Nobel Prize in
 Medicine.

            What's driving the White House videos story forward is the news (first
 reported by the WP yesterday) that the White House is now admitting
 there are still more coffee tapes. USAT reports that campaign finance
 hearing chairman Sen. Fred Thompson calls this episode a deliberate effort to
 "delay and obstruct." The paper quotes White House spokesman Lanny Davis as
 saying the omission was "an honest overlooking of materials." And, says
 USAT , the White House couldn't reach anyone at the Justice Department on
 Thursday to discuss the tape issue because it was a Jewish holiday. The
 NYT has this explanation as well. (Question: Is Janet Reno Orthodox or
 is she merely Reform and hence could have lifted the receiver if she'd been
 called at home?)

            The NYT tapes story runs next to a picture from one of the videos
 showing President Clinton with a bunch of unidentified people, presumably fat
 cats. Question: If, as we're told, these films were shot by the military office
 in charge of archiving such White House events, wouldn't those names be
 recorded somewhere? And if so, isn't not making them available along with the
 videotapes a clear case of stonewalling?

            The Post spy story, which also is on the front at USAT ,
 departs somewhat from the pattern of recent espionage cases. For one thing, the
 three accused of long-term spying for East Germany are said by the FBI to have
 acted out of ideological rather than material motives. For another, one of the
 ring members had once held a somewhat high-level Pentagon job (and even, says
 the WP , applied for a White House job.) The papers' headlines reflect
 these two strands of the story.
