
   
   
      
         
            Et Tu, TNR?

            The mini-orgy of
 media-bashing in this space two days ago made kausfiles seem like
 the organ of some irritable neoconservative rebelling against the dominance of
 sentimental liberalism--someone like Hilton Kramer, maybe, or David Horowitz,
 or Martin Peretz. Full disclosure: I used to work for Marty Peretz, consider
 him a friend, and still eagerly read his magazine, the New Republic . In
 fact, the Dec. 27 issue of TNR just arrived ... wait a minute, what's
 this? Can it be ... a really dumb liberal article in a magazine that's supposed
 to avoid reflexive anti-right politics, that sees itself as the puncturer of
 leftish cant?

            I'm referring to Jim VandeHei's article "Bottom of the Barrel" (overline: "Where the GOP is
 finding its candidates."). VandeHei's thesis is that these are such "desperate
 times" for House Republicans that they are sifting through the dregs, dragging
 in "desperation candidates" from the ranks of celebrities. VandeHei's evidence?
 Rep. Tom Davis, chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee,
 tried to recruit Jeff "Skunk" Baxter, former guitarist for the Doobie Brothers,
 to run in California. He also talked to Fred Hemmings, a Hawaiian surfing
 champion, Bob Backlund, a former pro wrestler, Noble Willingham, a television
 and movie actor, and others "from the lower rungs of the celebrity food
 chain."

            VandeHei is probably right to think the Republicans are in deep, deep
 trouble in their fight to retain control of the House. But his piece doesn't do
 anything to prove it. For one thing, although VandeHei calls Baxter and
 Hemmings Davis' "recruits," in fact they aren't running. (The districts
 they were considering would be safely Democratic even in a better year for the
 GOP.) More important, even VandeHei eventually admits they wouldn't be
 particularly unqualified: Baxter, he notes, is a "defense maven" who has
 "written for Jane's Intelligence Review " and "chairs a ballistic missile
 defense advisory group for Representative Curt Weldon.
