
   
   
      
         
            Not So Silent Night

            The front pages of the Christmas papers are splashed with violence and
 bloodshed. The Washington Post lead reports that soldiers in the Ivory
 Coast mounted a coup d'etat, ousting President Henri Konan Bedie and suspending
 the country's constitution, courts, and parliament. "I will take care of
 everybody. You should not be worried," announced retired Gen. Robert Guei, who
 claimed to be in charge. Meanwhile, army troops and civilians alike pillaged
 the capital city of Abidjan. The soldiers' motives are still unclear-- some
 seem to be after back pay, while others said they specifically wanted to topple
 Bedie. Bedie may be under house arrest or may have taken refuge at the French
 ambassador's residence-- no one's sure yet. The papers describe the Ivory Coast
 as a former oasis of stability in war-torn West Africa.

            The New York Times and Los Angeles
 Times front the hijacking of an Indian Airlines flight bound from
 Katmandu to New Delhi with 189 people abroad (the WP reefers the story).
 Since terrorists seized it on Friday, the plane has touched down in India,
 Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates, and Afghanistan. The hijackers claim to
 have killed four passengers, but so far they've released only one corpse, along
 with three men, nine women, and 13 children. The papers tentatively identify
 the hijackers as Sikhs, but don't give any background on their history or
 goals. (The Sikh minority has long sought freedom from Indian rule. Many
 moderate Sikhs seek autonomy; more extreme factions want independence, and have
 long used violent means to pursue it.) The NYT tentatively speculates
 that the hijacking is related to the Indian-Pakistani tug-of-war over Kashmir
 but doesn't say how. The LAT mentions the possibility that the
 hijackers are Kashmiris.

            The LAT lead wonders if U.S. law enforcement officials are too quick
 to broadcast warnings about terrorist threats to the public. By erring "on the
 side of overexposure," authorities may be encouraging mass paranoia.
