
   
   
      
         
            When Motley Fool Speaks, (Some) People Listen
            

            The Internet has become such a central part of both the U.S. economy and the
 American cultural landscape that it's easy to imagine that a real convergence
 between the offline and online worlds has happened, particularly when it comes
 to the media world. But the truth seems to be that for a lot of the offline
 press, and for much of Wall Street, what happens on the Internet is still
 either something of a mystery or, almost by definition, too sketchy to take
 seriously.

            Take the case of Celera Genomics, a biotech company that offers information
 from its genetic databases to drug makers. Since the close of trading on Dec.
 16, Celera's share price has risen from 76 to 160, or better than 100 percent.
 The company's trading volume has skyrocketed as well. Just 110,000 shares
 traded on the 16 th , while 1.69 million changed hands on the
 17 th , and the stock has had volume of a million shares or better
 every day since then. (Well, technically, on the 23 rd only 997,000
 shares traded, but that's pretty close to a million.) The stock leapt 11 points
 on the 17 th , 15 points on the 20 th , and 23 points on the
 21st, fell back a little on the 22 nd , and then bounced further ahead
 on the next two days.

            Even by the standards of this wacky momentum-driven market, that's an
 impressive and really surprising move, and it did not go unnoticed by either
 the New York Stock Exchange or, eventually, by the financial press. On Dec. 20,
 for instance, the NYSE asked Celera itself whether it knew of any reason for
 the sudden spike in its stock, and the company said, sensibly enough, that it
 did not comment on its stock price. Three days later, the NYSE had to declare
 an order imbalance at the open because there were too many buy orders and not
 enough sell orders on the books. And Bloomberg and Reuters both ran pieces on
 Celera's ascent.

            The odd thing, though, is that no one has actually reported what happened.
