
   
   
      
         
            Department of Offense

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with "an ominous turn" in the Indian Airlines
 hijacking: the terrorists' escalation of their demands to a $200 million ransom
 and the release, not of the previously reported one Pakistani guerrilla, but of
 35. They also want the exhumation and return from India of the body of a dead
 comrade. USA
 Today leads with a report that because of the general reluctance to fly
 this coming New Year's Eve, America's domestic airspace will be nearly
 empty--only 45 airliners will be aloft--when the next millennium hits. The
 Wall Street Journal front-page business news box
 flags its story reporting that in part because of the major airlines' lower
 flight volumes, analysts are cutting their earnings estimates. The New York Times ' top non-local story
 is Act II of its lead yesterday about an ultra-religious party's possible
 defection from Israel's coalition government. Today the Times explains
 that Prime Minister Ehud Barak coaxed the party to stay by pledging more
 funding for its state-subsidized religious schools. The top non-local story at
 the Washington Post is the latest stage of its
 presidential candidate psychling tour: Al Gore, Part 6. Save for the
 NYT 's fronting of the hijacking, none of the fronts runs anybody else's
 top story.

            The WP chronicles Gore's 1969 internal struggle over the military draft. The
 paper says he decided to enlist in the Army primarily because he didn't want to
 doom his anti-war father's Senate re-election bid and because he wanted to
 preserve his own political viability. The story reveals Gore turned down a
 relative's offer to get him into the Alabama National Guard.

            The USAT front-page "cover story," upon reviewing some 1,500
 personnel decisions made at the Department of Defense, concludes that the
 Pentagon regularly grants security clearances to civilian employees of defense
 contractor companies who have prior criminal convictions and/or long histories of
 financial irresponsibility or substance abuse.
