
   
   
      
         
            Analyst Whores; Qualcomm Soars
            

            If there's one thing to hope for after this day on which the Nasdaq leapt
 over 4,000 (hardly a month after it crossed 3,000), it's that three months from
 now no one remembers Walt Piecyk's name.

            Piecyk is the Paine Webber telecom analyst who this morning put a 12-month
 price target of $1,000-a-share on Qualcomm, which closed yesterday at $503 a
 share. Piecyk's call sent Qualcomm's stock back off to the races. It opened at
 $560, and ended the day at $659, which is a leap of 31 percent. That's
 respectable by any standard, but it's especially remarkable when you consider
 that Qualcomm, before today, was already the best-performing stock in the
 S&P 500 Index, up about 1,800 percent for the year. (It's now up better
 than 2,300 percent.)

            I know, I know. These numbers are effectively gibberish, especially since I
 could fill this column every day with stories about stocks making incredible
 moves upward. So why does it matter or not matter whether in May the mention of
 Walt Piecyk's name will be greeted with anything other than "Who?"

            The simplest answer is that the success of calls like Piecyk's--success here
 meaning just that investors buy on the news of your price target--leads to more
 calls just like it. When Henry Blodget, who was then at CIBC Oppenheimer, said
 that Amazon's shares would hit $400 within the year (he was right), it
 catapulted him into national attention and, in some sense, probably got him his
 new job at Merrill Lynch. And other analysts noticed. When FreeMarkets, a hot
 new business-to-business company, went public a few weeks ago, an analyst at a
 firm that wasn't underwriting the deal initiated coverage on the day of the IPO
 and set a price target of $300 a share, even though the company was going
 public at $48 a share. It's become almost de rigueur , in fact, for
 analysts to make audacious calls. Otherwise they won't even be noticed.

            You can see the same phenomenon at work in analysts' estimates of things
 like that fabled Internet business-to-business market.
