
   
   
      
         
            A Rationalist's Guide to New Year's Sentimentality

            Having read all the Op-Eds and magazine articles mocking millennial emotions
 as so much numerological bunk, Culturebox is well aware that this New Year's
 Eve is, strictly speaking, meaningless. She knows that the year 2000 arrives at
 least 2,005 years after Christ was actually born; that due to an error in
 calculation stemming from medieval ignorance of the number zero, the new
 millennium doesn't start till next year; that the Gregorian calendar is filled
 with arbitrary adjustments and slippages; and so forth.

            But Culturebox also knows that when she raises her glass at 11:59:50 p.m.
 the day after tomorrow, she'll feel a wave of excited anxiety. She suspects
 you'll feel it too. She does not believe that the obvious culprits--Y2K,
 terrorism, the usual New Year's hype that makes you feel that everyone else is
 having a better time than you--are entirely responsible. Like most of the rest
 of America, apparently, Culturebox won't be flying or driving or congregating
 downtown or eating at some ludicrously overpriced New Year's extravaganza.
 She'll be at the home of friends, standing beside her loved ones, etc. And when
 New Year's arrives and she experiences that brief sense of being overwhelmed by
 something she can't explain, she'll be tempted to dismiss it, as she does every
 year, as sentimental and superstitious.

            But is it? What is New Year's, anyway, if not a reminder that time
 has passed, which is to say that death has drawn that much closer? New Year's
 2000 is just New Year's to a higher degree. For lack of a better reference
 point, Culturebox has spent her entire life dividing it into before the
 year 2000 and after. New Year's Eve is the moment this personal temporal
 marker arrives, for what it's worth.

            It's actually not unreasonable to feel awe on this New Year's Eve, even if
 you don't believe that it is the 2000th anniversary of the birth of the era of
 our savior.
