
   
   
      
         
            God in Search of Sally Quinn

            Last week, Culturebox had an important insight into the nature of American
 spirituality. She would like to share it with you today. The revelation
 occurred while she was reading a remarkable column by Sally Quinn in the
 Washington Post about labyrinths.
 Labyrinths, for those
 who don't follow trends in New Age healing, are the hot new form of meditation.
 You march around in them, you get lost, and you find yourself on a higher
 plane. They are often built by churches as a way to lure people back into the
 fold, and by spas as a higher form of relaxation, sort of like water aerobics.
 Many people spent their New Year's Eve walking in labyrinths, rather than
 pursuing more conventional paths to transcendence, such as champagne and foie
 gras.

            Quinn walked her first labyrinth when she was a guest at the Golden Door, a
 spa for society ladies in Southern California. She was dubious at first, but
 the staff insisted, and it was a truly transforming experience. She
 concentrated on some tests her learning-disabled son was taking at that very
 moment back in Washington. Later, she discovered that though he'd done poorly
 on most portions of the test, he had scored off the charts on one: "The maze."
 This was her first step toward conversion, but what really moved her was a
 photograph taken of a woman who had just walked a maze for the first time.
 We'll let Marylin Arrigan tell this story in her own words, or at least Quinn's
 words:

            
               "Suddenly," [Arrigan] says, "I was in a very bright light. I had a
 vision of an Indian face with long straight hair, blowing in the wind. He had
 uplifted arms. He kept telling me to look up. I kept looking up. I was engulfed
 in light.
            

            
               "He asked if I was committed to walking the labyrinth. I said 'yes.'
 He said, 'If you are, you must leave a footprint.' When I got to the center I
 left two deep footprints.
