
   
   
      
         
            Funds and Games

            At the Washington Post and New York Times ,
 scandalous political fund-raising leads. At the Los Angeles
 Times , it's news of dramatic drops in California welfare rolls.
 USA
 Today 's top story is that a presidential commission is warning that the
 nation's public and private computer systems are gravely vulnerable to
 cyber-sabotage.

            The cyber-commission's findings won't be handed in until Monday, but
 USAT says they include such measures as establishing a center for
 collecting information about all computer security breaches and creating a
 White House office to coordinate all the government's computer security
 efforts. Former Sen. Sam Nunn tells the paper that the issue is right up there
 with nuclear, chemical and biological weapons security.

            The NYT 's lead reports that President Clinton denies that the coffee
 tapes mandated the appointment of an outside counsel and repeats that the
 failure to turn over the tapes in a more timely manner was a "simple mistake,
 not deliberate defiance." The president also says that Republicans are using
 the tapes to divert attention from their defeat of the McCain-Feingold reform
 bill. Clinton made these remarks before embarking on a campaign fundraising
 swing through New Jersey and Pennsylvania, made necessary in part by the large
 number of contributions to the DNC during the last election cycle that had to
 be returned because they proved questionable. Meanwhile says the Times
 and the other majors, at the Thompson hearings, former senior WH aide Harold
 Ickes also staunchly defended Clinton campaign finance practices.

            The Post 's campaign finance lead is that a Pennsylvania landfill
 company has pleaded guilty to funneling $129,000 in illegal corporate donations
 to ten political candidates--including the presidential campaigns of Clinton
 and Bob Dole--and agreed to pay a record $8 million fine. The scam here was the
 disguising of company donations as individual donations.
