
   
   
      
         
            Reality Bites Value America
            

            Whatever the Internet will become, one of the things it's been in the last
 couple of years is a consumer's paradise, at least from a price perspective. In
 their hunger to acquire new customers, Net retailers have engaged in good
 old-fashioned price wars and have more generally made Net shoppers so
 accustomed to sizable discounts that paying anything close to retail feels like
 you're being robbed.

            The question, of course, has always been whether these retailers were
 actually ever going to be able to make money when their business often seemed,
 as venture capitalist Bill Gurley so smartly put it, to be the equivalent of
 giving consumers who visited their sites a dollar in exchange for 95 cents. In
 the past few weeks, we're starting to see signs that, in fact, a lot of these
 Internet retailers are not only not going to be able to make money. They may
 not even be able to stay in business for much longer.

            The most telling such sign was the announcement yesterday by Value America
 that it was going to slash its work force by 47 percent, slim down its product
 offerings, leave five of the 12 buildings it now occupies, and make meaningful
 cuts in its ad spending. Value America also announced that its revenue for the
 fourth quarter will fall 6 percent to 9 percent short of analysts' estimates
 and that it will lose significantly more than analysts had expected in the
 quarter.

            Value America has been this one-stop shopping site, where you could buy
 everything from food to printers to appliances to computers. (Computers like
 the one on which I'm writing this column, actually, bought this summer for a
 very nice price.) It now plans to focus on selling computers and consumer
 electronics, which on the one hand is a natural strategy for targeting Web
 users and, on the other hand, is a strategy that everyone else in America has
 already figured out and embraced.
