
   
   
      
         
            Radioactive Russian Rifles

            The New York Times
 leads with Russian saber rattling against Chechnya, a story run inside by the
 Washington
 Post . The WP leads with the widening of a probe into U.S.
 Embassy officials in Colombia, who are suspected of smuggling drugs to the U.S.
 through the embassy's mail system. The Los Angeles Times , continuing its extensive follow-up
 on Tuesday's shooting at a Jewish day-care center, leads with an interview of
 the LAPD chief, who says that all assault rifles and some types of handguns
 should be banned nationwide, collected, and destroyed.

            Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin threatened to launch airstrikes
 against the Islamic government in Chechnya, which he accuses of supporting the
 week-old invasion of Dagestan by Chechen Islamic commandos. In a tactful
 demurral, the Chechen government denied supporting the rebels and then promised
 to make invading "Russian helicopters drop from the sky like rain." Putin said
 that Russian forces were advancing on the Dagestan rebels and that if necessary
 Russia will follow the guerrillas into Chechnya, which in 1996 humiliated the
 Russian military and gained de-facto independence. A Post story--run
 on Page A13--notes that Putin has yet to be confirmed by parliament, and it
 quotes a Russian military analyst proclaiming in the Moscow Times that
 "Russia can blow out the lights in London and Washington and yet has failed
 time and again to contain relatively small bands of Chechen fighters on its
 territory."

            The LAT reports that Washington state corrections officials are
 reviewing the conduct of Buford Furrow's probation officer, who never made
 unannounced checks of Furrow's house and car for weapons. This despite Furrow's
 frequent claims that he was homicidal and suicidal, and despite a judge's order
 that he stay away from deadly weapons.

            The LAT also tracks how one of Furrow's guns--the 9mm Glock
 semiautomatic pistol he used to shoot a mailman--made it into his hands.
