
   
   
      
         
            Run of the Millennium Stories

            The Los
 Angeles Times and New York Times lead with (and the
 Wall Street Journal tops its front-page world-wide
 news box with) yesterday's wide-ranging law enforcement action on the trail of
 the Algerian terrorist group implicated in that bomb-smuggling arrest in
 Washington state two weeks ago, action that netted a number of arrests in
 different cities, including one of an Algerian living in Brooklyn who had
 recently traveled to Seattle. Both papers report in addition that the feds are
 saying that the Canadian woman recently arrested trying to come into Vermont
 and the man caught in Seattle are both associates of a known Algerian
 terrorist. The Washington Post off-leads the story, going instead with
 Washington, D.C.'s final preparations for its giant millennial celebration.
 USA
 Today , which through the miracle of extended newsstand dating becomes
 the first U.S. daily newspaper to appear with a 2000 time-hack, gives its front
 over to an essay, "The Next Century," which spends most of its time reviewing
 this one, predictably arcing over the likes of McCarthyism, Martin Luther King,
 and Dylan but then swerving into the writer's mother's sister and his wife's
 mother. Not to mention Paul Gorman, who we learn was killed in a freakish
 motorcycle accident; what we don't learn is who he was. And in the God-said-ha
 department, the wires report the death of the world's oldest person, at age
 119, who therefore missed by mere hours the superhuman hat trick of drawing
 breath in three centuries.

            The NYT reports that the Brooklyn arrest was accomplished by "a
 black-clad antiterrorist task force," while one in Boston involved feds giving
 chase with guns drawn. Both papers imply that the Brooklyn arrest was helped
 along by an informant. The coverage says the Seattle bomb-smuggling plan
 reflected sophistication, although the LAT notes "a major slip-up"
 occurred when the man arrested in Brooklyn, although registered under an alias
 at a hotel in Seattle, used his real address.
