
   
   
      
         
            Y2OK

            The New York Times leads with the
 millennial coming, while the Los Angeles Times and Washington Post lead with the resignation (just after the
 Friday papers closed) of Boris Yeltsin. The chronological milestone dominates
 both the WP and NYT fronts. The former runs a huge "2000" at
 its top, while the latter goes for "1/1/00."

            The NYT lead communicates the vast, unprecedented scope of the revel,
 noting besides the hometown $7 million bash attended by perhaps 2 million
 people, an "around-the-world series of golden moments" in the Pacific, Asia,
 Africa, Europe, and the Americas. The overriding theme of the coverage is the
 symbolic enthrallment of the planet from east to west and mercifully, the sheer
 glitchlessness of it all. The WP says the $500 billion spent worldwide
 on Y2K seems to have done the trick, although it would be just as plausible to
 wonder now if most of the spending was ever really necessary. The LAT
 includes an "extra" front page that briefly notes Australian bus ticketing
 foul-ups and South Korean trial summonses gone awry but which declares above it
 all in large pitch type "Millennial Mildness."

            So taken are the papers with millennial matters and the other pressing
 stories, that none makes room on their front for the news that all the major
 indexes ended the year/century/millennium in nosebleed territory.

            Yeltsin's surprise departure from the world scene leaves Prime Minister
 Vladimir Putin as acting president and also the likely full-time successor
 after the presidential elections that must take place within three months.
 Yeltsin, the papers report, said the new millennium required new leadership and
 he appealed for forgiveness on his way out. Putin responded by signing an order
 giving Yeltsin immunity from prosecution. On a day that, according to the
 coverage, saw Russian and American military officers jointly shepherding
 nuclear missiles through Y2K, Yeltsin and Putin participated in a little
 transition ceremony that centered on the handover of the suitcase that is used
 to monitor a nuclear war.
