
   
   
      
         
            The Devil in Mr. Graham
            

            Issue 1 is the upcoming caucuses in Iowa and primary in New Hampshire. Issue
 2 is predictions for the upcoming millennium.

            The pundits are excited by the close presidential races, especially in the
 Democratic Party. Mara Liasson ( Fox News
 Sunday ) notes that Bill Bradley raised about twice as much money as Al
 Gore last quarter, and George Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ) says that Bradley is spending it furiously in New
 Hampshire and Iowa. Pundits are less sanguine that John McCain can topple
 George W. Bush, but many note that McCain's fund raising, while well behind
 Bush's clip, has increased substantially. Moreover, his lead in the New
 Hampshire polls seems to be holding. Skeptics like Bob Novak (NBC's
 Meet the Press ) argue that no matter how well McCain does in
 the early primaries, the party establishment will never let such a maverick
 become the nominee. George F. Will argues that for Bradley and McCain to win
 their party's nominations, independent voters (that is, those not affiliated
 with a single party) would have to become decisive, which is very unlikely in
 the primaries. (For an opposing view, click here.) Michael Oreskes ( This Week ) wonders whether Iowa
 and New Hampshire matter at all: They represent a tiny fraction of nominating
 delegates, and the value of their traditional spoils--such as early press
 coverage--has diminished as other states have moved their primaries closer to
 the first two.  

            Many panelists and guests muse on what the 21st century will bring. On
 Meet the Press , Sen. Pat Moynihan, D-N.Y., says that the successful
 conquest of the Y2K glitch bodes well for future technological hurdles.
 Journalist William F. Buckley Jr. hopes that the 21st century brings greater
 religious faith than the 20th. Gen. Colin Powell says that America's ability to
 overcome the political trauma of 1968 gives him hope that its society will be
 just as "resilient" this century.
