
   
   
      
         
            More Coffee and Less Coffey

            The Washington Post and USA Today
 both lead with Janet Reno's admission yesterday that she was "mad" at the White
 House because she wasn't told in a timely manner about the coffee videos. The
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with the destruction wrought in Acapulco by a
 hurricane, and the New York Times
 goes with Germany's interest rate increase.

            The WP says that Reno's remarks were "an extraordinary public
 critique" of the president. Reno admitted that the video controversy has
 strained relations with the White House. The NYT , in its front page Reno
 piece, says she has just completed "one of the most humiliating weeks in her
 tenure." The WP and the NYT say that Sen. Orrin Hatch is
 considering holding hearings on Reno's conduct of the fund-raising inquiry.
 USAT goes further, saying Hatch "would hold a hearing." Just what we
 need now: not just another investigation, but an investigation of an
 investigation.

            The top-front-page picture used by the NYT to illustrate its Reno
 story is also an illustration of how in general papers use photos with news
 stories. It's a shot of Clinton, a third person and Reno sitting in a row. Reno
 has her head turned completely away from Clinton, which is natural enough,
 since they are listening to a speech, but the posture looks chilly. And that's
 why it's there--after all, certainly there were moments immediately before and
 after this one in which Clinton and Reno shook hands and spoke to each
 other.

            The NYT 's lead says that Germany's decision to raise its basic
 interest rate "sent shivers around the world." But none of the other majors
 felt a thing: none of them led with the story nor even gave it any front-page
 space.

            The LAT decision to lead with one hundred deaths caused in Mexico's
 leading resort city by Hurricane Pauline was not quite as lonely--the storm is
 USAT 's second lead and tops the Wall Street Journal 's world-wide news digest--but was no
 doubt influenced by the paper's Mexican demographic.
