
   
   
      
         
            Is That All There Is?
            

            Dear Harry,

            I feel a strange mix of emotions in this new millennium. Like a lot of
 people, I suspect, I have a guilty secret: I wish something bad had happened.
 Not the Rapture. Not even a Deadly Act of Terrorism. But a little glitch would
 have been nice--kind of like a snow day when you were a kid (I'm assuming you
 haven't been in L.A. your whole life)--something to put a little dent in the
 manic optimism of the moment. A few hours without the power, or having the ATM
 jam would have been a useful cautionary note at a time when everyone feels like
 they deserve an IPO of their own.

            I see from the papers that the Y2K consultants are already extremely
 defensive, insisting that the problem wasn't hyped and that their $100 billion
 price tag was worth it. I have my doubts. On New Year's Day, my wife raised a
 question that's already become cliché 48 hours later: If Y2K wasn't a problem
 in countries that spent a lot (e.g. us) and in those that spent little but
 still have a lot of computers (Italy, I gather), then didn't we get ripped off?
 I still haven't heard a good answer

            For all my wishing for a mini-disaster, I also felt much more moved by the
 celebration than I thought I would. Watching the rolling party across the globe
 on ABC and CNN was strangely riveting--not least of all because Peter Jennings
 felt compelled to pull a Jerry Lewis telethon and anchor the whole thing
 himself. By the end he was babbling so much, I expected him to point to the
 tote board and ask Ed McMahon how much we'd raised. Still, the effect of seeing
 the Y2K date roll across the globe brought out the Kumbaya spirit in me. I feel
 the same way sometimes--I'm not kidding--watching the Weather Channel seeing a
 storm form over the West Coast of Africa and then roll east into a hurricaine.
 The same cloud pattern some Malawi tribesman gazed at eventually dumped water
 on a shriner at a casino in Biloxi, Miss.
