
   
   
      
         
            Good Intentions and Cracked Premises
            

            Dear Jim,

            Idealism sweet as ether boils off the pages of the book that we've been
 assigned to read and discuss this week, Jay Rosen's history of and argument for
 "public journalism," What Are Journalists For? I've survived its
 narcotizing effect and hope that you're more enthusiastic about Rosen's ideas
 than I am so we can enjoy a two-fisted exchange.

            For readers arriving late to the debate over public journalism, we should
 define it and sketch its 10-year history--not that that will be easy. Public
 journalism as propounded by Rosen is so broad and vague, so infused with good
 intentions and cracked premises, that it melts at first touch.

            Something horrible has happened to public life, Rosen believes. He doesn't
 blame politicians for the disaster. Or corporations. Or Hollywood. Or even our
 campaign-finance system or handguns. Rosen finds journalists culpable for the
 nation's cynical politics, our public alienation, our adversarial culture, as
 well as the violence perpetrated by terrorist bombers like Timothy McVeigh. Our
 crime? We reporters and editors have failed to promote and enhance "democracy"
 as imaged by philosopher John Dewey in the 1920s.

            I'm not kidding. What Are Journalists For? is a Deweyan call to arms
 to rebuild democracy! Never mind the old clichés about telling truth to power
 or writing the first draft of history. Instead of hiding behind objective
 reporting, journalists should foster "conversation" and "dialogue" in the
 community to empower citizens in the democratic process. In the past decade,
 Rosen has been much pilloried by journalists for his diagnosis and
 prescription, most notably by editorial-page editor Howell Raines of the New
 York Times and Len Downie, executive editor of the Washington Post .
 But daily newspapers in Wichita, Detroit, San Jose, Columbus, Norfolk,
 Charlotte, and elsewhere have lit their candles from Rosen's flame and
 subscribed to his four-step cure, which holds that journalists should:

            

               "Approach citizens as potential participants in public affairs, rather than
 victims or spectators.
