
   
   
      
         
            The Speeches

            Each candidate addressed the audience
 for a maximum of ten minutes. No one was brilliant, and several were actively
 terrible. Here's my estimation of how they stacked up. (Click here to see the results
 and 
 here to find out what a straw poll is.)

            

               
                  Pat Buchanan The only candidate here who
 really knows how to give a rousing speech. The hall loved him, though few would
 ever vote for him. Memorable line: "If I'm president, I'm the chief law
 enforcement officer of the United States, right? ... The first thing I'd do is
 turn to Bill Clinton and say you have the right to remain silent."
               

               
                  Gary Bauer Soft-spoken but effective. His
 tribute to Ronald Reagan brought the hall to its feet. The best of social
 conservatives. "Campaigns aren't supposed to be about how much one guy has
 raised and another guy has inherited. Campaigns are supposed to be about our
 futures."
               

               
                  George W. Bush Much less impressive in an
 arena setting. His lines were elegant (who writes them?) but he made no real
 connection with the audience. "America's strongest foundation is not found in
 our wallets. It is found in our souls."
               

               
                  Lamar Alexander Ever competent, never
 thrilling. "We need a contest because this is not a horse race. This is not a
 football game. This is the biggest job in the world."
               

               
                  Dan Quayle Emphasis on family values. "The
 Clinton-Gore administration started off as the Woodstock of 1969 ... It ended
 up in the Woodstock of 1999, trashing our values, trashing our ideas and
 trashing the White House which is not theirs to trash."
               

               
                  Elizabeth Dole Miss Perfect Platitude. Her
 speech takes the daring position that telling the truth is good. "Integrity
 never goes out of style.
