
   
   
      
         
            Proust, Peanuts, and Snow Days
            

            Oh, Harry

            A snow day? It was a beautiful thing if you were a kid growing up in New
 Jersey, as I did: They canceled school if there was too much snow on the
 ground, leaving you a day to sled, drink cocoa, or profiteer by shoveling
 driveways. I imagine in Maine or Minnesota there weren't too many snow days, or
 there wouldn't be any school at all. But in states that are snow-prone, but not
 snow-drenched, they were a lovely treat. Anyway, Y2K made me a little
 misty-eyed for a mini-calamity like that. But I should have left that a private
 reverie.

            I totally agree re Sydney. I especially loved the dancers on the sheer walls
 of the famed Opera House. Our kid woke up at 4 a.m. and we happened to catch it
 live on that dreaded "American TV." It was great.

            I'm trying to read between the lines of your New York years. You hated 'em,
 but you also seem wistful for the pre-Rudy days. Who knows? Maybe you'd like it
 now without the squeegee guys and with ESPN-Zone: The Restaurant. (Somehow, I
 think not.)

            Maybe it's 3,000 miles distance, but am I wrong not to be too incensed by
 the Staples "scandal?" Of course, the Los Angeles 
               Times shouldn't
 have split revenues with the center. But publications do a lot with advertisers
 all the time. In the magazine world, advertisers are given heads-up about
 upcoming issues and allowed to place ads in those issues. That, I realize, is a
 far cry from what happened with the Times , but it's telling about the
 intimacy between advertisers and publishers.

            I actually find the listing of names a perfectly fine gimmick. When I wrote
 for small, weekly newspapers, one of the tricks of the trade was to get as many
 local names into a story as possible. You could argue that this was shameless
 pandering--I bristled at it at the time--but with some distance I can see the
 merits: It gave a thrill for people who, unlike us, don't see their names in
 print.
