
   
   
      
         
            Dot-Com Mania Is More Selective Than You Think
            

            One of the basic truisms about investing that's very easy to forget,
 especially in the middle of the kind of bull market we're in, is that it isn't
 a stock market, but rather a market of stocks. In other words, even if
 investors are generally feeling bullish, that bullishness is not uniform. It
 does not lead them to forget about distinctions among stocks. Even during the
 Dutch tulip mania, after all, there were some bulbs that seemed priceless and
 others that you could buy.

            In the most general terms, we all recognize this. Last year, for instance,
 the cliché became that everyone wanted to buy tech stocks and couldn't deal
 with the large cyclical or commodity companies. Meanwhile, aluminum producer
 Alcoa was up 119 percent for the year, more than any other Dow stock, so
 investors were a little more discerning than "tech good, no tech bad." But as a
 broad generalization, the cliché was accurate enough.

            The problem comes when the cliché is taken to mean that investors are so
 blindly rushing after stocks of a certain kind that they're not paying any
 attention at all to the differences among all those stocks. This is a problem
 because if it's true, it means that the market can't be doing what it is meant
 to do: channel capital to those companies that will use it most productively
 and away from those companies that will not. And it's a problem because if it's
 false ... well, it's just always a problem when a conclusion is false.

            In this case, that's precisely what that conclusion is. Perhaps the most
 remarkable thing about this market is that even in a time of seeming universal
 buoyancy, when the Nasdaq was up 80-plus percent in 1999 and you could not seem
 to go wrong as an investor if you were buying anything with a .com at the end
 of its name or a B2B (business-to-business) label attached to its business
 model, there are lots of tech stocks that are not doing especially well.
