
   
   
      
         
            Pulp Fictions

            The Washington Post leads with another Iranian challenge to
 U.S. economic sanctions--negotiations on a $2.5 billion deal with the
 British-Dutch conglomerate Shell hard on the heels of its recently consummated
 $2 billion offshore gas deal with a French company. The New York Times
 goes with an apparently surprising crime statistic. And the Los Angeles
 Times leads with President Clinton's call for Hollywood to avoid making
 drugs look cool.

            The NYT reports that, according to FBI data, property crime has
 fallen sharply in this country since 1980. Indeed, burglary rates are down by
 almost half. New York, the paper reports, now has a lower burglary rate than
 London. San Diego is, fortunately for Times roving crime reporter Fox
 Butterfield, a city with one of the most precipitous drops in burglary,
 larceny, and auto theft, so he could rove there instead of Duluth to find out
 what's going on. Theories bandied about by the various experts he quotes
 include: improved police tactics, a decline in the teen-age population, longer
 prison sentences and greater community involvement with law enforcement.
 Perhaps the most plausible explanation offered is this: American criminals
 increasingly tend to commit violent crimes rather than non-violent ones. For
 example, London and New York have nearly the same population, with London
 having 66 percent more thefts and 57 percent more burglaries but only one-fifth
 as many robberies and only one-tenth as many murders. In other words, maybe the
 headline to this article shouldn't have been "Property Crimes Steadily Decline,
 Led by Burglary," but rather, "American Criminals Becoming More Violent." And
 then the question is, "Why does a newspaper pick the one over the other?"

            In his Saturday radio address, says the LAT in its lead, President
 Clinton urged the entertainment industry to "do its part" by avoiding the
 depiction of "warped images" that promote drug use.
