
   
   
      
         
            Off the Wal-Mart

            
               USA
 Today leads with Al Gore's charge in an interview with the paper
 that as president Bill Bradley would endanger the economic expansion and risk
 "blundering into another recession" because he would take the entire projected
 surplus over the next 10 years and "just blow it" on health-care reform. The
 paper has a Bradley spokeswoman saying Gore's charge makes it obvious he lacks
 confidence in his own agenda. The Washington Post also fronts campaign jousting by the two
 but goes instead with a momentous Labor Department decision: Companies that
 allow employees to work at home will be held responsible for federal health and
 safety violations that occur at the home work site. The stance, explains the
 Post , would mean that even if the employee just occasionally takes work
 home with him to attend to a sick child, employers are still required to make
 sure that he/she has ergonomically correct furniture and proper lighting and
 ventilation in the home office. The Los Angeles
 Times fronts the Post story, adding in details about California
 companies, but leads with the onset in West Virginia of the U.S.-moderated
 Israel-Syria talks, which is also the New York Times lead and which is
 fronted elsewhere. The same picture of President Clinton, Israeli Prime
 Minister Ehud Barak, and Syrian Foreign Minister Farouk Shara walking together
 grace all the fronts that carry photos.

            Both Times report that the meetings hit a snag quickly when an
 anticipated face-to-face between Barak and Shara didn't come off. Both also
 report that Clinton will not attend every session but will be available to
 return whenever circumstances warrant. So serious are the Israelis about
 breaking with their past tendencies to leak at such talks, say the papers, that
 they've promised to eschew cell phone calls.

            The LAT and WP fronts and the others report inside that acting
 Russian President Vladimir Putin has fired Boris Yeltsin's daughter from her
 senior Kremlin adviser's post.
