
   
   
      
         
            It Ain't Broke ...
            

            Dear Jim,

            "American Journalism in Crisis." It sounds like the title to any number of
 Pew Charitable Trust seminars, doesn't it? But I don't really buy it. To these
 weary eyes, American journalism has never been smarter and more accurate than
 it is today. Not perfect, mind you, or tweezer-headed nitpicking press critics
 like you and me would have nothing to carp about. But I'll put today's
 newspapers up against the newspapers of any era you can name.

            And never in the history of American journalism has the media been more
 scrutinized. Just look at the list of media critics listed in the right gutter
 of the MediaGossip.com Web site! Or at the Draconian investigations of
 the press conducted by Special Counsel Steve Brill. There's hardly a conflict
 of interest or press indiscretion that goes unexamined these days.

            While it's true that newspaper audiences are shrinking, that decline has
 nothing to do with the imagined crisis that Rosen warns about in What Are
 Journalists For? The newspaper audience and the number of daily newspapers
 have been steadily shrinking since the advent of radio in the 1920s, and every
 time a new technology rolls into the mix--TV, cable, the VCR, satellite, video
 games, the Internet--the audience contracts a wee bit more. A lot of the
 newspapers that folded were rotten and deserved to die, a sentiment that many
 left-wing press critics will endorse. And while I can cite no academic study,
 I'd wager that today's average citizen who looks at the Sunday newspaper or a
 newsmagazine, listens to all-news radio stations during his commute, and
 catches a little TV news and talk radio at home is better informed than his
 counterpart from any era of Rosen's choosing. If a newspaper isn't thriving
 these days, it might have to do with the fact that it isn't paying attention to
 the way people live.

            At the same time, I believe that the appetite for serious journalism has
 grown.
