
   
   
      
         
            Biting Commentary

            Yes, the New York Times leads
 today with the demise of the federal welfare state, and yes, today's Wall Street Journal gives the top spot (that's column six, top of
 the page) to a forecast of growth in elderly care companies. And both the
 NYT and the Los Angeles Times do big pieces on the British handover of Hong
 Kong. But the Washington Post goes clear across the top of its front page with
 Mike Tyson biting Evander Holyfield, under a banner headline: "Tyson's Conduct
 Under Review." (Which admittedly falls far short of yesterday's LAT
 header: "A Lobe Blow.") And USA TODAY makes Tyson its news section "Cover Story" and
 even the NYT puts it on the front.

            The Post states that the Las Vegas cops are looking at a video tape
 of the fight and its riotous aftermath, and goes on to report that "a portion
 of Holyfield's ear was recovered by Mitch Libonati, a hotel employee. It was
 rushed to Valley Hospital on ice, 'but by the time it came in, it was not
 viable,' said Julio Garcia, the plastic surgeon who treated Holyfield." The
 NYT has Libonati saying to a security guard: "I have something he
 probably wants." (Apparently, neither the NYT nor USAT reached
 Dr. Garcia, because they each say that the body part was lost en route to the
 hospital.) USAT gets credit for going to novelist and boxing expert Budd
 Schulberg for some historical perspective, but slips a little in saying that
 his novel The Harder They Fall inspired the movie "On The Waterfront."
 Actually, it inspired the movie "The Harder They Fall."

            The Los Angeles Times reports today that a 1991 trip to Asia, made by
 the then-Chairman of the Democratic National Committee, the late Ron Brown, a
 trip which has yet to draw the scrutiny of investigators, may have provided the
 groundwork for the Democrats' foreign fund-raising from Asian special
 interests.

            Oh, and in case you hadn't heard, the subhead of that NYT piece on
 the new welfare programs breaks the news that they're marked by an "emphasis on
 work.
