
   
   
      
         
            The Great Yardeni

            "If I'm wrong about Y2K, I'll just check into the Betty Ford Clinic for
 delusional economists, publicly state that I'm on industrial-strength Prozac,
 and then ask for forgiveness," Ed Yardeni joked this past September. Yardeni,
 who is chief global economist for Deutsche Bank Securities in New York (he
 previously held the same job at C.J. Lawrence, Prudential Securities, and E.F.
 Hutton), was the most respectable of all the Y2K doomsayers, his credibility
 greatly enhanced by an accurate record of boldly optimistic financial forecasts
 through the 1990s. (Never mind that he wrongly predicted a recession following
 the 1987 stock-market crash and that he failed to see the 1990-91 recession
 coming.) For the last couple of years, Yardeni was quoted regularly in the
 financial press and appeared regularly on the tube predicting that computer
 glitches in early 2000 would cause the worst global recession since 1973. This
 past fall, Yardeni downgraded his prediction from a "12-month or longer
 recession" to a "very intense recession" of six months that would bring the Dow
 down to 8,000, but he continued to put the likelihood of Y2K-computer-glitch
 recession at 70 percent, up from his initial, more cautious prediction of 30
 percent.

            Now it appears that Yardeni was not just wrong, but spectacularly wrong. But
 if you go to his Web site
 and listen to his Jan.
 3 conference call (scroll down to the pink area and click on "Millennium
 Meltup or Meltdown?"), you won't learn that Yardeni is in rehab, or that he's
 on anti-depressants, or even that he's asking forgiveness. Rather, you'll hear
 the opening strains of the second movement of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony,
 followed by Yardeni's somewhat brusque acknowledgment that things don't appear
 to have gone as badly as he'd planned. If a few additional days go by and no
 widespread computer failures present themselves, Yardeni told investors,
 "you'll be able to read my lips.
