
   
   
      
         
            Hits and Misses
            

            Dear Jack,

            I'm glad you picked up on the alternative newspaper question, for two
 reasons. One, it spotlights the frustrating limits of Rosen's definitions of
 journalism and journalists. There is nary a mention in this thick book of any
 of the leading "alternative" weeklies, which are often stuffed with material
 that one might expect to intrigue Rosen. There's also little mention of
 national magazines, whether specialized political ones or big general-interest
 ones. There's almost no attention paid to radio, where hundreds of of excellent
 American journalists work, and only at the end does Rosen acknowledge the
 development of the Internet as a news medium. Even television doesn't get much
 play here, at least not compared with the audience it garners in real life. In
 other words: For someone with as sweeping and academic-seeming a criticism as
 Rosen's, he's done a poor job of defining the terms of what journalists do,
 where they work, and how they operate.

            Two, as you indicate, "alternative" newspapers have been thriving, many for
 decades, by providing readers with exactly the kind of service Rosen says he
 wants: reporting with perspective; reader inclusion; making stories into
 crusades; etc. Their "success" in doing so is of course debatable, but it makes
 you wonder: Has Rosen simply never read those papers? Or is he avoiding using
 them as models? My guess is the latter. I'll bet it's a prestige problem. The
 folks at Pew Charitable Trust and the other purse strings of public journalism
 would scream: "We didn't cough up several million dollars so you could tell the
 media to behave like the goddamned Village Voice ."

            That said, I think you're being awfully sanguine about the state of American
 media. I find most American newspapers to be quite bad; to argue that they
 might once have been worse is neither reassuring nor really the point. Most
 television journalism is horrendous, and some is actually harmful (by
 misinforming viewers about crime, for example).
