
   
   
      
         
            How CNBC Exacerbates Stock-Price Swings
            

            OK, so on some days stocks really do go in just one direction (see "Dot-Com Mania Is
 More Selective Than You Think"). In any case, even though all we're going
 to get for the next 24 hours (at least) are a parade of commentators offering
 up a host of explanations for today's massive sell-off in the Nasdaq and the
 Dow, the best rule to follow is just to assume that all those explanations will
 be wrong, or at the very least inadequate. Sell-offs can get triggered for one
 reason and continue for different reasons, they can reflect genuine changes in
 investors' ideas about the future or simply panic, and so on. Short-term market
 moves are, almost by definition, impossible to parse successfully.

            Having said that--and you knew this was coming, didn't you?--there are a
 couple of interesting things to note about what happened today. The first is
 the resurgence of the idea that rising interest rates actually do matter to
 stock prices. (I'll have a piece on this for tomorrow.) The second is that when
 something like today's sell-off happens, it makes obvious the extent to which,
 in the short term, you can no longer separate the event from the media's
 coverage of the event.

            What I mean by this is that today's sell-off does not happen in a vacuum. On
 the contrary, thanks to the spread of the Internet and the rise to prominence
 of CNNfn and, above all, CNBC, the sell-off occurs with real-time commentary,
 real-time commentary that is already, almost before the fact, labeling what's
 occurring as "a sell-off," a "prelude to a correction," or "the first prick of
 the tech-stock bubble." And this is commentary that the investors who are
 making the decisions that will either continue or end the sell-off are hearing
 as they are trying to make those decisions. In other words, what the media is
 saying becomes part of the information that is influencing how stock prices are
 determined.
