
   
   
      
         
            No Czechs Please?

            The Washington Post and USA Today
 lead with Janet Reno's protestations that her probe of Clinton fund-raising is
 far from closed. The New York
 Times leads with a simmering debate about the costs of NATO expansion.
 And the Los Angeles Times front, dominated by local stories, gives
 some play to the new stricter rules for disability aid to children (a story
 done in greater depth last week by the Wall Street Journal ).

            Today's Reno leads are the product of her Sunday "Meet The Press"
 counteroffensive in response to Republican charges of being duped by Clinton in
 the handling of the coffee tapes. "Nothing has been closed, and nobody has been
 exonerated," Reno is quoted as saying in both papers.

            The Post juxtaposes its report that as of right now, Reno still feels
 the coffee videos are not indications of Clinton criminality with mention of
 the appearance in the tapes of Arief Wiriadinata, an Indonesian who identifies
 himself on camera as an emissary of the Lippo Bank's James Riady, and of five
 businessmen having coffee with the president in the Oval Office who, it is now
 known, each contributed $100,000 within a week.

            The NYT points out that President Clinton's proposed expansion of
 NATO to include Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic depends on the joint
 approval of the Senate and the parliaments of the 15 other members of NATO, and
 that cost will be the decisive issue in those votes. Senate conservatives, led
 by Jesse Helms, says the Times , don't want to pay too much of the total
 expansion bill, but European politicians, who need to cut their deficits to
 qualify for the Eurodollar, are not much inclined to pick up the slack.

            And apparently, nobody agrees on what the bill is. The current American
 estimate is up to $35 billion through 2009. The Brits think that's 40 percent
 too high. The French, not to be outdone, intend to pay nothing extra. The
 Congressional Budget Office says the American estimate is too low.
