
   
   
      
         
            I Sing the Straw Poll Electric

            
               USA Today
 leads with a preliminary, non-public congressional study concluding that nine
 out of 10 background checks conducted by the Pentagon on employees with access
 to classified information fail to meet federal standards. The Los Angeles Times goes with a
 Justice Department report that prison growth slowed last year--finally
 responding to a 5-year-old drop in the crime rate. For the second time in three
 days, the New York
 Times leads with Dagestan. Russian generals are claiming victory
 against the Chechen Islamic commandos in the province, but independent military
 analysts are skeptical. (The Wall Street
 Journal also puts this story high in its "Worldwide" box.) The
 Washington
 Post leads with an Iowa straw poll roundup. (For more on the Iowa
 straw poll, read this week's " 
 Pundit Central.")

            Conducted by the congressional General Accounting Office, a preliminary
 investigation of 531 Pentagon security checks claims that 92 percent are
 incomplete, and that in 12 percent of cases the Defense Department failed to
 follow leads pointing to financial problems, criminal histories, and alcohol
 and drug abuse. The USAT article says that the Pentagon grants 130,000
 top-secret clearances a year and has a backlog of 600,000 cleared employees
 whose files need review. The leaked report--which will be finalized in
 October--says the Pentagon has "created risks to national security."

            The LAT reports that despite the slowdown in prison growth,
 mandatory sentencing rules, "three-strikes" laws, and a growing number of
 parole violators have kept the growth rate from dropping as much as it might
 have. (This growth in parole violations is the focus of USAT's story,
 which gets a front-page reefer.) Last year's growth rate, 4.8 percent, was
 considerably less than the decade average of 6.7 percent. But the prison
 population has now swelled to a record 1.
