
   
   
      
         
            Ed Yardeni, Extreme Film Critic

            In addition to being a financial prognosticator of some renown, Dr. Ed
 Yardeni, chief global economist and investment strategist for Deutsche Bank
 Securities in New York, is a film critic. Yardeni's Web site includes ratings Yardeni has made of
 various movies, in the form of plus and minus signs. Judging from his current
 crop of movie ratings, the highest score Yardeni hands out is three pluses, and
 the lowest is three minuses. (In marked contrast to his financial
 pronouncements, no commentary accompanies Yardeni's movie ratings.)

            As Chatterbox observed in an earlier
 item, within the realm of financial predictions Yardeni tends to stick his
 neck out. This served him well during the 1990s, when he predicted accurately
 the astonishing growth of the U.S. economy. It didn't serve him so well this
 week, when his dire warnings that Y2K computer glitches would create a massive
 worldwide recession failed to come true. Chatterbox wondered: Does Yardeni go
 for the extremes in his movie ratings, too?

            Indeed he does. Out of 90 movies rates, Yardeni gave maximally favorable or
 unfavorable ratings to 25. In other words, fully 27 percent of the films
 Yardeni sees strike him as being either great or terrible. This doesn't jibe at
 all with Chatterbox's moviegoing and movie-rental experience, which would put
 the "great or terrible" proportion no higher 10 percent . (Even Mrs.
 Chatterbox, whose view of life is somewhat more Manichean than Chatterbox's,
 puts the "great or terrible" proportion only at 20 percent .)

            In contrast with Yardeni's Y2K views, but in keeping with the "New Wave"
 economics he championed throughout the (mostly recession-free) 1990s, Yardeni's
 movie ratings are heavily favorable. All but one of Yardeni's "great or
 terrible" ratings fall in the "great" category; the only movie Yardeni appears
 to have outright hated in recent years was Boogie Nights ,* a film that
 Chatterbox would assign at least one plus sign.
