
   
   
      
         
            Is George W. Bush a "Weak" Governor?
            

            Some of George W. Bush's critics, particularly Orrin Hatch, disparage him
 because he occupies a "constitutionally weak governorship." What makes a
 governorship strong or weak? Should it reflect poorly on Bush if he is a "weak"
 governor?

            State constitutions grant governors a variety of powers--among them the
 power to veto bills, appoint officials, and submit a budget to the legislature.
 A constitutionally strong governor, such as New York's, can both veto bills and
 apply a line-item veto to portions of measures he disfavors. A strong governor
 also appoints most of the members of his Cabinet and can serve multiple
 terms.

            Constitutionally weak governors appoint few top officials. In many states,
 the voters elect the attorney general, secretary of state, treasurer, etc. This
 makes the officials accountable to the electorate, not the governor, and
 diffuses his power. Weak governors also face limits of one or two terms, making
 them automatic lame ducks: They tend to govern less independently and exercise
 less clout with legislatures than strong governors, who, because they can
 repeatedly succeed themselves, amass more and more political power.

            By most of these criteria, Gov. Bush is a weak governor. Voters elect the
 Texas attorney general, comptroller, general land commissioner, and state
 treasurer. Most agencies in Texas are run by commissions or boards whose
 members outlast the governor who appointed them. The lieutenant governor runs
 separately from the Texas governor and can belong to a different political
 party. The Texas governor is not subject to term limits, however.

            The job of lieutenant governor of Texas is thought by some to be a more
 powerful but less glamorous job than that of governor. The lieutenant governor
 presides over the Senate, appoints the Senate's committees and committee
 chairs, controls the flow of bills to the floor, and co-chairs the powerful
 Legislative Budget Board.
