
   
   
      
         
            Dialing for Deals

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 all lead with the latest developments in the investigation of President
 Clinton's fund-raising. The Los Angeles Times can't even find room for that on
 its front page and leads instead with the historic Belfast meeting of British
 Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Republican political leader Gerry
 Adams.

            
               USAT says that the Justice Department task force investigating
 Clinton's phone calls is recommending that Janet Reno take no action in that
 matter. Reno's spokesman, the paper reports, says his boss hasn't made a
 decision yet. (She could, besides ending the investigation, also continue
 looking into it, or ask a court to name an independent counsel.) USAT
 quotes Clinton as saying that "I have gone out of my way to have no
 conversation with her about this or, frankly, anything else." In their lead
 stories, both the WP and NYT have Clinton adding, "...which I'm
 not sure is so good." The additional observation seems right and newsworthy.
 Wonder why USAT left it out.

            The WP leads with the news that Clinton is willing to be interviewed
 by Justice for this investigation. And the paper quotes Clinton in reaction to
 Reno's recent statement that she was 'mad' about the White House's lag on the
 coffee tapes: "You should have been there when I heard about it." (The
 NYT has this too.)

            The NYT goes further, saying the White House and the Justice
 Department are in fact negotiating an agreement under which President Clinton
 would answer questions about his knowledge of Democratic re-election
 fund-raising efforts. The interviews would not, says the Times , be
 conducted by Reno, but by lower-level prosecutors. This deal is being worked
 out, because, the NYT says, citing "law enforcement officials" and
 disagreeing with USAT , the phone calls investigation will probably go
 forward.

            The Post story includes this explanation for why the White House
 Communications Agency, "a military unit that provides the president with secure
 communications," originally didn't produce the coffee tapes: the WHCA's chief
 of staff got the full memo requesting any such videos, but when he put it into
 an e-mail format to send it to his boss, the agency's director, he accidentally
 omitted the first two pages.
