
   
   
      
         
            Politics and It's Disconnects
            

            I was watching Miami TV coverage of the INS decision on "the boy"--they
 called it "Decision Day"--and, man, those local channels don't want to get
 nasty letters from any Cuban-Americans. I don't know if you can access any tape
 of this stuff, but the street reporters were moaning over the kid's lost
 opportunities. I'm not the first, nor will I be the last, to note that family
 values take a backseat to the chance at some stock options in the hearts of a
 lot of conservatives.

            While on the subject of (as the current lingo has it) disconnects, today's
 Boston Globe has an interesting story about McCain pressing the FCC to
 take a speedy vote on an application by a contributor to his campaign to buy a
 Pittsburgh TV station. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a fan of reform, living in
 California where half a century of reform has turned our politics into an
 insider's game. (The one reform that might work is free TV time, were not the
 broadcast lobby one of the strongest in Washington--for proof, see the
 Telecommunications Act of 1996.) But I note with glee that conservative
 defenders of the status quo argue a version of the old Jesse Unruh line about
 being able to take a man's money (to fully quote Jesse, "and eat his food, and
 drink his booze, and screw his women") and still vote against him--but, when
 the Heritage Foundation trots out its tabulation of how countries vote in the
 U.N. General Assembly, it cross-refs those votes with how much money the U.S.
 gives each country in foreign aid. So we should only expect votes to be well
 and truly bought when they're the votes of sovereign nations.

            I ascribe DiFi's lack of opposition to two things: assiduous courting of
 Silicon Valley, where major Republican contributors have lined up behind her,
 and, more important, the sad state of California's GOP. Grey Davis, the
 Democratic Governor, is triangulating like a Clinton, and it's giving the Reps
 fits.
