
   
   
      
         
            Gore Mellows

            
               
                  Editor's note : Jacob Weisberg has filed a report from
 Thursday's debate among the GOP presidential candidates. Click here to read
 it.
            

            DURHAM, N.H--A good night for Al Gore. His progress in this, the fifth
 Democratic debate, was finally arriving at a reasonable tone. As in the
 previous encounters, Gore was highly critical of his rival. But this time he
 was able to be critical of Bill Bradley without coming off as smarmy or
 hectoring. Gore made all his familiar criticisms--that Bradley wasn't putting
 any money aside for Medicare, that his health-care plan wouldn't cover
 everybody, and that when the going got tough in the Senate, Bradley got going.
 But absent was about 80 percent of the sense of artificiality that
 characterized Gore's earlier performances. Gore dispensed with the vocalized
 sighs and weary head-shakings of the Meet the Press
 debate. This meant that you could listen to what he was saying without
 having to spend the whole time disliking him.

            Gore also included one new attack on Bradley that was very much on point. He
 finally took the advice of "Kausfiles" and nailed Bradley for opposing welfare reform in 1996.
 Given the opportunity to ask Bradley a direct question, Gore asked whether his
 opponent thought he made a mistake on three big votes in the Senate--in favor
 of the Reagan budget cuts, against the use of force resolution the Gulf War,
 and against welfare reform. Bradley responded with a stream of gobbledygook,
 the thrust of which was that he stood by his decisions and would do the same
 again, even with the benefit of hindsight.

            "I think all three of them were a mistake," Gore responded, neatly
 underscoring the lameness of Bradley's answer. "I think that people were
 trapped in the old welfare system. ... Saddam Hussein would still be in Kuwait
 if we had tried to rely on sanctions.
