
   
   
      
         
            Gore Wins New Hampshire Beauty Contest
            

            Harry,

            I did catch the debate last night, as well as a fair amount of post-game
 analysis. First, if you didn't know who the two were and you were told that one
 of them was, as a youth, one of the great basketball players in the country,
 you wouldn't have picked Bill Bradley. Puffy, jowly, and tired, he looked
 pretty awful--is this heart thing worse than they're letting on?--while Gore
 had the full (pre-accident) Christopher Reeves look about him. The navy suit
 worked, I thought. [For Jacob Weisberg's instant analysis of the debate, click
 here.]

            I hate the pre-packaged zinger lines more than anything. Bradley:
 "Al, if you'd spent time in the private sector ..." Gore: "Bill, when you talk
 about weighted averages, it reminds me of the man with his head in the oven and
 his feet on a block of ice. His average temperature was fine but he wasn't too
 comfortable." Yuck. Bradley's "Washington bunker" line seemed particularly
 annoying from someone who spent 18 years in the Senate and now wants to live in
 ... Washington. Gore's trifecta of supporting the Gulf War, opposing the Reagan
 '81 budget cuts, and supporting welfare reform seemed pretty effective to me.
 Bradley, though, was far more charming in the post-game show, where he told Tim
 Russert that he was going to get a beer. When Gore was asked if he, too, was
 going to get a beer, he paused and seemed to search for the best focus-group
 tested answer. "I might," he said. "Or a decaf coffee." Double yuck.

            Will Syria and Israel find peace in the land of the Hatfields and the
 McCoys? It must be weird when they hold top-level summit meetings in these
 small towns. I went through Glassboro, N.J. last year--home of the
 LBJ-Khrushchev summit in '64. I can only imagine what the Soviet premier made
 of his first cheesesteak.

            
               USA Today had a thing yesterday I thought was pretty interesting: How
 the glut of Oscar-worthy movies at the end of the year is turning off
 moviegoers.
