
   
   
      
         
            Contenders and Pretenders
            

            The Iowa straw poll results--and the candidates' on-air reactions to
 them--are Issue 1. (Unfortunately, about half the chat shows were taped before
 the vote.) The teaching of evolution in schools is a distant second.

            The straw-poll verdict by the pundits is largely unanimous: Elizabeth Dole
 and Gary Bauer proved they can compete with George W. and Steve Forbes. All the
 other candidates proved they can't. The candidates seem to agree with this
 verdict--even the losers. On NBC's Meet the Press , for example, Lamar
 Alexander all but bows out of the race. Later in the program, Pat Buchanan
 hints at bolting the party. (Tim Russert asks, "Will you pledge today that you
 will support George W. Bush if he's the nominee?" Buchanan responds, "No--let
 me say this--uh, I don't know where I'm going to be in August of the year
 2000.") The only straw-poll loser determined to stay in is Dan Quayle, the
 former vice president, who received fewer votes than Alan Keyes.

            The pundits pronounce Dole and Bauer the biggest winners. Since Dole--with
 little money and a weak organization--had the most to lose, her third-place
 finish gives her campaign a big boost (Susan Page, of CNN's Late
 Edition ; and George F. Will and George Stephanopoulos, of ABC's This
 Week ). Bauer is now the candidate of the Christian right, say Fox
 News 
               Sunday's Mara Liasson and Juan Williams. George
 Stephanopoulos and Bill Kristol ( This Week ) argue that Bauer still has
 to draw social conservatives away from Forbes to be truly competitive.

            (On Late Edition , Dole and Bauer appear one after the other, and
 the contrast is instructive. Asked about abortion and the George W.-cocaine
 controversy, Dole waffles on both--giving nervous, have-it-both-ways responses.
 Bauer says confidently and directly that W. should answer the cocaine question
 and that as president he would pose a litmus test for judges on abortion.
