
   
   
      
         
            Were the Y2K Preparations in Vain?
            

            During the past five years, governments and companies across the planet
 spent between $200 billion and $500 billion fixing the Y2K computer bug. Was
 this money spent in vain?

            Because no major Y2K incidents occurred, skeptics charge
 that it was. They suggest that the few minor glitches--such as the $91,000 late
 fee on a New York man's video rental--were easily corrected without spending
 billions. And countries such as Italy and Paraguay, which spent little on Y2K,
 appear to have fared as well as the United States, which spent $100 billion. 


            However, while the jury is still out, the emerging
 consensus of computer experts is that the expenditures were worthwhile. Here's
 their reasoning:

            
 1.   A lack of preparation would have cost more. If "critical"
 systems--such as power grids, defense computers, and hospital equipment--had
 not been fixed, disaster might have followed. To prove this thesis, one state
 applied no Y2K fixes to three of its computers. The machines shut down when
 they encountered Jan. 1, 2000. Even in non-critical systems, fixing errors
 after the fact would have been expensive. For example, the cost of correcting a
 couple thousand incorrect bills at a video store would far outweigh the cost of
 prevention. And many computer system managers liken Y2K preparation to auto
 insurance: Just because you didn't have a car accident last year, it doesn't
 mean your insurance payments were a waste.

            
 2.   Countries and companies spent money in proportion to their reliance on
 computers. Italy and Paraguay got away with spending less because they had
 fewer machines to fix: Paraguay's water and electric systems are largely
 manual; its capital city has only one phone line per 11 people. In the U.S.,
 smaller companies avoided major Y2K expense because they were less likely than
 large corporations to have mainframe computers running outdated code.
