
   
   
      
         
            No Mas Movement

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with Janet Reno's decision to continue
 her investigation of Bill Clinton's 1996 campaign fund-raising, while the
 New York Times
 and the Los Angeles Times go with the Supreme Court's okay of
 Oregon's assisted suicide law.

            Reno's decision was predicted by the NYT yesterday. By contrast,
 USAT had said she was being advised to stop investigating. Today's
 USAT says that her Justice task force had indeed been for stopping but
 ultimately concluded there were too many unresolved legal questions to do so.
 Clinton's reaction to the news: "I didn't do anything wrong."

            The Supreme Court turned down an appeal of a lower court's dismissal of a
 lawsuit challenging Oregon's law, making that state the first in the country
 where doctor-assisted suicide is legal. A wrinkle in all this, reports the
 NYT , is that the Oregon legislature had already decided to put the
 question to the voters again, so another by-mail referendum currently underway
 will probably be concluded before the original law can take effect.

            The LAT , more than the NYT , emphasizes the Supreme Court's
 general stance on assisted suicide laws--that they involve no constitutional
 issue and hence are the province of the individual states.

            It looks like California is on its way to its third counter-reformation
 referendum result in a row. The LAT runs a front-page story concerning a
 poll about a likely ballot measure that would virtually eliminate bilingual
 public education in California. Those surveyed are wildly for it. This
 preference of landslide proportions doesn't vary much no matter the race,
 income level or age group of the respondents. And here's the big news: Latino
 voters polled favored the initiative by an even greater margin than whites.
 Though fascinating, the story does have a defect common to much press poll
 reporting--nowhere before the story's "jump" to the inside (where, it is well
 known, a lot of readers never tread) does the LAT reveal how large the
 sample is.
