
   
   
      
         
            Jeffrey Toobin, Hypocrite

            In his new book rehashing the Lewinsky scandal, Jeffrey Toobin is disgusted
 by the "fixation on the personal" that leads journalists and others to
 investigate "the private lives of public people." The press, he says, "could
 define tawdry voyeurism as the study of 'character,' but the labeling couldn't
 obscure the true nature of this new kind of reporting." It amounted, Toobin
 argues, to a "high-minded rationale for covering the sex lives of famous
 people" that satisfied a "hunger for sleaze" in a "competitive market for
 journalists and journalism." The dust jacket for Toobin's book, A Vast
 Conspiracy , says it "analyzes the facts ... with a measure of dignity
 [that] this story has not yet received."

            So what does Toobin do to publicize his book? Dump Clinton sex documents on
 the Internet! Specifically, on Tuesday, the Web site for
 Toobin's book promises "the complete and unexpurgated depositions of Paula
 Jones and Bill Clinton," a "secretly recorded interview with Juanita
 Broaddrick" [who claims Clinton sexually assaulted her], and--most dignified of
 all--"the complete text of the affidavit in which Paula Jones identifies
 purported 'distinguishing characteristics' of the President."

            I called Toobin and asked him why this wasn't hypocritical, and he offered
 various semi-contradictory answers. First, he said that "only one of the
 documents" is "what you would call a sex document." The "rest are highly
 political." The one sex document, in Toobin's view, is the 'distinguishing
 characteristic' affidavit (in which, as was reported over a year ago, Jones
 says Clinton's penis was crooked). But Toobin's classification system is
 suspect. The Paula Jones deposition, for example, has already been partially
 made public. The parts that haven't, but that Toobin will now post, seem to
 consist largely of defense lawyers grilling Jones on the details of her private
 sex life.
