
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Am I really supposed to crack wise after a week in which the Nasdaq fell 10
 percent, and so much money drained out of the stock market that it felt like,
 well, late November all over again? Well, of course I am. It's like that great
 comic Baudelaire said about the true ironist: You have to be "a disinterested
 spectator of yourself," especially when your self is watching its nest egg
 quickly dwindle to "what the hell, blow it all in one big bash!" proportions.
 Of course, if you've been buying stocks on margin--and I know no regular
 readers of Moneybox would be doing that--things are much, much worse. Some of
 those people are probably home right now getting the Lost in America
 Albert Brooks lecture from their spouses and being informed that they are no
 longer allowed to use the words "nest" or "egg" ever again, let alone sign on
 to E*Trade.

            OK, things aren't as bad as all that, though after market close today
 traditional tech stalwart Lucent pre-announced that its earnings this quarter
 are going to fall well short of estimates, and people started dumping
 high-priced stocks all over again. In any case, there's always alcohol. And, if
 you've been saying that this tech-stock boom couldn't continue forever, the
 glorious and perhaps unbeatable feeling of knowing that at last you were right.
 So either way, eat, drink, and be merry. Greenspan's still in office.

            On to this week's Cocktail Chat!

            1. "Before the end-of-the-day sell-off, PC-maker Gateway's stock was
 actually up on Thursday, despite the fact that the previous evening the
 company announced that it was going to miss estimates for the quarter.
 Investors apparently liked the company's honesty about its performance.
 CEOs everywhere immediately started wondering if they should hold conference
 calls explaining that their quarters had gone badly 'because I was spending a
 lot of time in Florida working on my golf game.
