
   
   
      
         
            George W.'s Rise; Hillary's Fall
            

            ELLEN:

            My family and I returned last night from a week in Bermuda, where I managed
 to pick up a bad sunburn, watch my 6-year-old boogie-board in the Atlantic, and
 make sure my younger son didn't get swallowed by the undertow. My wife and I
 managed one night without the boys, going to a country club dinner with my
 brother and his wife, which was remarkable only for the dazzling array of
 photos on the walls. One in particular, of a (undoubtedly re-touched) Churchill
 when he visited the (mostly) golfing facility in the early '50s, was very
 striking.

            Another change of pace for me was the lack of cable TV, save CNN, and the
 stateside dailies not being delivered until about 5 in the afternoon. Which was
 kind of cool: You'd get the meaningless Times fax with breakfast, but
 then read the Times , Wall Street Journal , New York Post ,
 and Boston Globe before falling asleep. After days in the sun, and the
 arduous exercise of building sand castles and going swimming, it made me less
 angry at the morons who staff the daily papers.

            But here's a question: Where have all the fact-checkers gone? One of my
 hobbyhorses is that the vast majority of dailies and magazines are overstaffed
 by at least 50 percent--there's a problem with unions for you--and still the
 quality, overall, is poor, especially in comparison with the upmarket British
 dailies. For example, in a sidebar to the letters section in today's
 Time magazine, an editor wrote: "Several people pointed out that while
 John F. Kennedy uttered the phrase ["Ask not what you can do ..."] in his
 Inaugural Address in 1962 ..." Now, of course, the date was '61 and you'd think
 one of the scores of editors and editorial assistants and assistants to
 editorial assistants could've snared that mistake. We run a small shop at
 NYPress , and make mistakes, as every publication does, but I find it
 inexcusable that large media organizations are rife with errors every day.
