
   
   
      
         
            The Riady for Prime Time Players

            GTE's $28 billion bid for MCI leads the Wall Street Journal , the Washington Post , the New York Times ,
 and USA
 Today . The Los Angeles Times goes with Janet Reno's testimony before
 the House Judiciary Committee about her Clinton fund-raising probe.

            
               USAT , the NYT and the WP note that GTE's move is the
 biggest cash offer in corporate history and that it sets up a fight for MCI
 between GTE and WorldCom, which two weeks ago made a $30 billion all-stock
 offer. British Telecommunications, which had previously reached an agreement
 with MCI to take over the company for $19 billion in cash and stock, might make
 it a three-way bidding war, although the papers suggest the British concern
 will drop out. No matter the particular outcome, the NYT sees the
 dealing as indicative of the telecommunications industry's trend towards
 increasing consolidation, noting that a combined GTE-MCI would be the first
 company since the breakup of AT&T to have a large presence in both local
 and long-distance markets. Indeed, the Times quotes one lawyer who says
 Justice will "give this thing a very, very hard look" precisely because the
 deal would produce a company like the old AT&T in its scope.

            The WP sees the possibility here of "a 1980s-style hostile takeover
 battle." The WSJ also sees a return to wild action, possibly to include
 one of the Baby Bells jumping in with a bid.

            All the majors have front-page coverage of the Reno testimony, and all
 report the open hostility from the panel's Republicans. But they vary in what
 aspect of her remarks they stress. The LAT 's Reno lead emphasizes her
 revelation to the committee that she has agreed not to close out any line of
 fund-raising inquiry unless FBI Director Freeh also agrees. USAT also
 stresses this, calling it an "extraordinary arrangement," but then goes on to
 quote a Justice spokesman saying that Reno and Freeh have entered into such
 agreements before.
