
   
   
      
         
            The Future of Family Feuds

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with a local story: A study shows that California's
 high-tech boom is disproportionately benefiting the rich and, consequently,
 widening the state's income gap. The Washington Post leads with a preview of the upcoming
 Supreme Court arguments over the constitutionality of state statutes that
 guarantee visitation rights to grandparents. The LAT 's off-lead
 concludes that the case, Troxel vs. Granville , will define the
 government's future role in family affairs. The Troxels, assisted by
 governmental groups and the AARP, argue that courts should be allowed to
 mandate grandparental visitation rights to protect the welfare of minors. Their
 son's widow contends that court-mandated visitation infringes on parental
 privacy. Her position is echoed by traditional religious groups and civil
 libertarians.

            The New York Times leads with Democratic
 worries that the Republican Party will enjoy as much as a four-to-one soft
 money spending advantage in the coming election. Democratic Senatorial Campaign
 Committee chairman Sen. Robert G. Torricelli projects that the Democrats will
 raise less than $30 million. Torricelli says the GOP could garner $200 million.
 The Democratic National Committee's campaign purse is currently one-fourth the
 size of the Republican Party's roughly $10 million war chest. The DNC's failure
 to amass cash is attributed to its lack of a finance chair, donors' doubts
 about the party's presidential prospects, and the dissipation of President
 Clinton's fund-raising power. Party patriarchs fret that Republicans will bury
 Democratic candidates under an avalanche of expensive TV ads. The Times
 points out that the Democrats' public pouting could be an attempt to stimulate
 fund raising.

            The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is flush with cash, reports
 the Post in an inside item. The DCCC enters 2000 with more money than
 the Republican Congressional Committee.
