
   
   
      
         
            McCain's Glass House
            

            Issue 1 is GOP presidential politics, including John McCain's FCC letter and
 Bush's tax-cut plan. Issue 2 is Democratic presidential politics, including Al
 Gore and Bill Bradley's promise to allow open gays in the military.

            Most pundits agree that the revelation of John McCain's influence-peddling
 letter to the FCC has hurt his campaign, although several--including Paul Gigot
 (PBS's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) and Tucker Carlson (CNN's
 Late Edition )--think that McCain is just defending his
 constituents, as he was elected to do. Pundits disagree on Bush's sweeping
 tax-cut proposal. Joe Klein (NBC's Meet the
 Press ) notes that the cut is bigger than the congressional GOP's
 (doomed) proposal last fall, and Al Hunt (CNN's Capital Gang ) and David Broder (PBS's Washington Week in
 Review ) think that New Hampshire voters care more about schools and
 health care than taxes. Mark Shields ( NewsHour ) remarks that Jack
 Kemp's aggressive tax-cutting campaign strategy didn't work in the 1988 GOP
 primary, but his colleague, Gigot, responds that McCain's emphasis on tax-cut
 moderation apes the failed electoral strategies of George Bush (in 1980) and
 Bob Dole (in 1988). On Meet the Press , Rep. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., a
 McCain supporter, thinks that McCain's critique that Bush's tax plan as too
 large is not working. John McLaughlin, Lawrence Kudlow, and Jim Warren (all of
 PBS's McLaughlin Group ) enthuse over Bush's recent debate
 performances.

            Many pundits--including Mara Liasson ( Washington Week ), Mark
 Shields ( NewsHour and Capital Gang ), Sam Donaldson (ABC's
 This Week ), and Paul Begala (MSNBC coverage of
 Friday's night's GOP debate)--think that Gore's and Bradley's outspoken
 advocacy of gays in the military will hurt them in the general election. Paul
 Gigot ( NewsHour ) and Steve Roberts ( Late Edition ) contrast
 Gore's ideological approach to this issue with President Clinton's pragmatic
 approach.
