
   
   
      
         
            The Ships Hit the Fan

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with a major U.S. vs. Japan dust-up
 concerning shipping. The Washington Post leads with yet another use by President
 Clinton of the line-item veto. And the New York Times goes with news that major car
 insurers plan to raise rates for sports utility vehicles.

            On Thursday, the United States told the Coast Guard to bar Japanese cargo
 ships from U.S. ports and to detain those already here. The action came, say
 USAT and the LAT , after three Japanese cargo ship companies
 refused to pay $4 million in fines levied because of their costly and unfair
 treatment of U.S. ships in Japanese ports. Both papers say the development
 inspired yesterday's 119-point drop in the Dow. And USAT calls it the
 most tense situation between the two countries in ten years. The decision was
 made by a federal maritime commission and could be overturned by Clinton. The
 White House tells USAT that the two countries are in negotiations.

            Yesterday, the WP reports, President Clinton used his newfound
 line-item veto to kill a provision that would have allowed many federal workers
 to switch to a different pension system, boosting their annuities but costing
 taxpayers about $854 million over five years. In response, a major federal
 employees' union in New York filed a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality
 of the line-item veto. In a separate action, New York City also filed a similar
 suit yesterday against a previous Clinton line-item move. Hence, for the first
 time, there are anti-line-item suits in the courts with plaintiffs alleging
 actual harm.

            About a month ago, the NYT ran a front-page story revealing that
 crash tests show sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks are inflicting very
 high levels of harm to cars and their occupants in collisions, and today the
 Times brings word that in response, some big insurance companies are
 raising their liability rates on the oversize vehicles.
