
   
   
      
         
            Did Nora Ephron Broker the AOL-Time Warner Deal?

            Is Nora Ephron responsible for AOL's proposed acquisition of Time Warner? Ephron
 co-authored and directed the 1998 movie, You've Got
 Mail , a somewhat flatfooted update of the charming 1940 Ernst Lubitsch
 movie The Shop Around the Corner (which was also the source material for
 the even more charming 1963 Broadway musical She Loves Me ). You've
 Got Mail updated the earlier film's epistolary plot (two shopkeepers hate
 each other by day, each not knowing the other is the correspondent to whom
 he/she sends anonymous love letters by night) for the Internet age; in the new
 version, the two swapped messages via AOL. This was made clear not only by the
 film's title and logo but also by a scene in which Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan used
 AOL instant messaging while lying on their respective beds to discuss why guys revere
 the Godfather movies.

            As it happens, You've Got Mail was made by ... Warner Bros.! In
 retrospect, then, it may have been not merely a romantic comedy with a little
 product placement tossed in; it may have been an attempt to soften the
 ground for AOL's latest acquisition. Although the film doesn't portray
 AOL-the-corporation in any particular light, it does portray Tom Hanks,
 scion of another giant communications empire (in this case a
 Borders/Barnes & Noble-type book superstore chain) as being sweet and
 misunderstood, even though he puts Meg Ryan's independent bookstore out of
 business! Also, think about how Meg Ryan's leftist-writer boyfriend, played
 by Greg Kinnear, is portrayed in the film. The Kinnear character (an apparent
 amalgam of New York
 Observer columnist Ron Rosenbaum and Nation publisher and
 editorial director Victor Navasky) is shown to be an amusingly vain and
 pretentious technophobe. This is significant, because in the film it is Kinnear
 who gets to articulate the case against concentration of corporate power.
 And he's a buffoon! You'd no sooner entrust the U.
