
   
   
      
         
            Pay Up, Shrum!

            On Meet the Press yesterday, Gore adviser Robert Shrum* attempted
 manfully to deny that his candidate had ever suggested he'd make support of his
 policy on gays in the military a "litmus test" for nomination to the Joint
 Chiefs of Staff. All Gore was doing, Shrum said, was restating the
 constitutional principle that the Chiefs are obliged to obey their commander in
 chief:

            
               What he said ... was that he would insist that people appointed to
 the Joint Chiefs of Staff agree to support his policy as president. He never
 said in the New Hampshire debate that he would inquire into their personal
 convictions. His litmus test is a constitutional one, civilian control of the
 military ... I defy you to find a place in that transcript where he ever said
 he would inquire into someone's personal position. ... I'll bet you 10 bucks.
 Find him saying that he's going to examine their personal
 convictions.
            

            Nice try, Bob! But the transcript of the New Hampshire debate makes it
 pretty damn clear that Gore was saying exactly what Shrum said he didn't say.
 The video clip played by MTP host Tim Russert might not have nailed the
 issue down (it showed Gore declaring, "I would insist before appointing anybody
 to the Joint Chiefs of Staff that that individual support my policy."). But the
 discussion that precedes the clip does. The whole context was Peter Jennings'
 question about whether Gore or Bradley would apply a "litmus test" to Joint
 Chiefs nominees like that occasionally applied, controversially, to Supreme
 Court nominees. In the context of the Supreme Court, of course, "litmus test"
 clearly means an inquiry into a potential nominee's personal convictions--on,
 say, abortion or civil rights--prior to their nomination.

            Gore said he had "rejected the notion of litmus tests on the Supreme Court
 by saying there are ways to find out the kind of judgment somebody has without
 posing specific litmus tests.
