
   
   
      
         
            Beyond Fact-Checking
            

            Hi Russ,

            While you've been in Bermuda getting sunburned, I've been up in the
 mountains (Catskills) all summer, which has been great for getting away but
 also leaves me somewhat media-challenged--I get the New York dailies but don't
 have cable or any TV, and even the radio reception is terrible. For any
 magazine less popular than Time , the nearest venue is that great
 metropolitan center, Woodstock, which is 25 miles away. Courtesy of a traveling
 family member I did get hold of the first Talk issue, speaking of
 Hillary. The profile was terrible--it must be really difficult to write with
 your nose so far up someone's ass.

            Hillary needs a great popular novel to do her justice. She's in some ways
 poignant, in some ways horrifying, and an ur-representation of all our cultural
 contradictions about women and power. I'm no fan of her politics--on the
 evidence, her left-wing reputation is entirely undeserved, she's a
 pro-corporate New Democrat (that health plan should have been called the
 Insurance Company Protection Act), a pious communitarian (against divorce--!!),
 no friend of civil liberties, feminism half a millimeter deep. I would vote for
 her for Senate, because I can't stand Giuliani and don't want to see the
 Republicans get 60 votes, but not with any enthusiasm. She's a vulnerable
 candidate, not because of the New York thing but because she's arrogant, hates
 the press, and people are tired of the Clintons. (Though if Ken Starr is stupid
 enough to release his report right before the election, she's in.) But Giuliani
 is no shoo-in: A lot of New Yorkers and even suburbanites are turned off by his
 authoritarianism; Pataki and D'Amato will continue to undermine him,
 endorsement or no; and the Conservative Party probably won't endorse him unless
 he makes some gestures to the right, which will not help him with his New
 York/suburban base.

            I do think Hillary will run, short of some major negative groundswell, which
 I don't detect so far.
