
   
   
      
         
            Putting Out the Best China

            The Washington Post lead is a rare interview with China's
 President Jiang Zemin. The Los Angeles Times leads with news that the federal
 investigation into a suspected Chinese scheme to buy influence in American
 politics has bogged down because the money trail has gone cold. And the
 New York Times
 lead is that after four years of relative price stability brought about by the
 spread of managed care, the cost of health insurance is about to go up
 significantly.

            Jiang tells the WP that he urges Americans to tolerate China's
 political system and to seek "common ground despite differences," and that his
 country and the United States "share the responsibility for preserving world
 peace and stability." According to the story, during Jiang's visit, China will
 pledge to end sales of cruise missiles to Iran and will receive, in return for
 its promise to stop all support for nuclear programs in Iran and Pakistan,
 permission to purchase nuclear-power equipment from American firms.

            The conversation with Jiang was highly structured. The Post submitted
 questions in advance and when the reporters posed them face-to-face, Jiang read
 written replies to them. (There was also eventually some informal discussion as
 well.)

            When Jiang says in the interview that the theory of relativity can be
 applied to politics in that democracy and human rights are relative concepts,
 the Post is apparently worried that you might not get his reference to
 the theory's creator without the provision of his first name, which it adds to
 Jiang's remark: ".worked out by Mr. [Albert] Einstein."

            The WP front page reports that the agreement to loosen up Japanese
 port procedures for U.S. vessels worked out on Friday with Japanese shipping
 companies under the threat of banning them from U.S. ports is widely believed
 by American trade officials and experts to demonstrate that every so often, to
 achieve trade fairness, Tokyo must be "hit with the economic equivalent of a
 two-by-four.
