
   
   
      
         
            Luce Change

            Yes, the GOP presidential candidates debated again last night, and yes, a
 Florida judge at least momentarily delayed the return of Elián González to
 Cuba, and yes, the Supreme Court says Microsoft has to let its temp workers in
 on its good-deal stock purchase plan, but everybody leads with yesterday's
 surprise announcement of AOL's purchase of Time Warner, the first acquisition
 of an old media company (co-founded 75 years ago by Henry Luce) by a new media
 one (only 15 years old), the largest media merger of all time, and indeed, the
 just-plain largest merger of all time. Although there isn't complete agreement
 about how large: The Washington Post says the purchase value of the stock is
 $183 billion. The New York Times
 says $165 billion. The Los Angeles Times says $163 billion. USA Today
 says $160 billion. And the Wall Street Journal says $156 billion. The NYT says
 the deal will produce the fourth-most-valuable company in the country, one with
 a stock market value "roughly equal to the gross domestic product of Mexico."
 (Next week's big story: "AOL TIME WARNER DOUBLES SIZE, ACQUIRES MEXICO.")

            The coverage agrees on the basic logic of the deal: In one swell foop, TW
 gets a tremendous Internet presence for marketing, for instance, its books and
 CDs; AOL gets a wide range of content in the form of TW's many media
 properties, ranging from HBO to CNN to Time magazine; and AOL goes from
 having no broadband capability to being positioned to go into computers in the
 homes wired by the nation's No. 2 high-speed cable provider, Road Runner, which
 TW is the half-owner of. The papers say that there now will be a spate of other
 old-new media merger deals, so that rival companies can compete against this
 newly integrated juggernaut.

            The WP points out that AOL has only one-fifth the revenue of TW, but
 it was able to handle the deal because it has four times as much profit and a
 much higher stock value.
