
   
   
      
         
            Disorganized Crime
            

            Dear Jeff,

            OK, you fuckin' mook. I deserved exactly half of that butt-kicking. But only
 half. So watch it. The first rule of mob movies is, never give someone a bigger
 beating than they deserve in the first act if you don't want to get your ass
 thrashed in the third.

            You're right about the writing being better than the acting, but only
 because the writing is so good. You're right about
 Goodfellas --"laugh-fest" was too strong. Scorsese is not a belly-laugh
 kinda guy. You're right about expectations having been blown out of proportion.
 And you are so right that David Chase should have killed off Livia
 Soprano, whose acid tongue is starting to remind me of the monster drool in the
 Alien movies--it eats away at the infrastructure.

            I'll get back to Livia in a minute, but first I have to get up on my
 Culturebox and pontificate on where you're wrong. You are wrong, sir, to say
 that television criticism is about profound meaning. Most of it is critics
 trying to explain how they think things work, and why they like them. The
 audience has a right to figure stuff out, and to read people who might help
 them do that. The boob tube is powerful. Millions of people watch this show and
 talk about it every week. Mobsters in fact do take their cues from it, at least
 according to Time and Newsweek this week. The Sopranos
 will probably do more than any of Tipper Gore's mental-health initiatives to
 get insurance companies to change their policy on psychotherapy reimbursements.
 So don't shut down the entire discussion just because you've started hanging
 out with the producer and presumably swallowed his artsy-fartsy,
 faux -modest, we're-just-making-TV-here crap.

            Now, back to the second season. Cards on the table: I think next Sunday's
 episode is a letdown, although that was probably inevitable. It's an
 advertisement for psychotherapy, only this time in reverse.
