
   
   
      
         
            Videosyncracies

            
               USA
 Today leads with Jimmy Carter going public with his thoughts on the
 Clinton fund-raising brouhaha. The New York Times
 lead is that the top Republican tax writer in the House will introduce
 legislation to radically alter IRS audit and dispute resolution procedures. The
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with state and local attempts at campaign reform.
 The Washington Post goes with Israel's decision to
 permit the extradition of a 17-year-old back to Maryland to stand trial for a
 gruesome murder, despite his claim that he's an Israeli citizen. This was a
 local story that became a national one when Israel's earlier pronouncement that
 he could not be extradited had appeared to threaten U.S.-Israeli relations.

            On a Sunday CNN broadcast, Carter said that the investigation of Clinton's
 fund-raising should be turned over to an independent counsel. According to
 USAT , Carter said the scandal has enforced the "not always erroneous"
 impression that getting help from Washington requires paying a "legal bribe."
 The paper also reports that Rep. Dan Burton said on CBS' "Face the Nation" that
 he thinks some of the fund-raising videotapes may have been "altered in some
 way," that Sen. Arlen Specter said on Fox News Sunday that video of Clinton
 describing how DNC ads were helping him "is proof that he was evading the law,"
 and that according to the Newsweek coming out today, at least one fat
 cat, Richard Jenrette, has come forward to say Bill Clinton called him up from
 the White House to ask for money. The WP has both the Burton and
 Jenrette stories, but runs them inside.

            The NYT lead explains that Rep. Bill Archer, chairman of the House
 Ways and Means Committee, is seizing on the recent uproar over IRS misbehavior
 to put forward a legislative evergreen suddenly considered to have a good shot
 at passage: a plan to shift the burden of proof in tax disputes from the
 taxpayer to the IRS.
