
   
   
      
         
            What's the Difference Between CEOs and Chairmen?
            

            On Thursday, Microsoft founder Bill Gates announced that
 he was handing over the job of CEO to the company's president, Steve Ballmer.
 Gates said that he would remain Microsoft's chairman. And on Monday, when
 America Online announced its merger with Time Warner, AOL's Steve Case was
 designated chairman of the new corporation, and Time Warner's Gerald Levin was
 given the position of chief executive officer. What's the difference between
 these two jobs? And which one is more powerful? 

            The CEO is a company's top decision-maker, and all other executives
 answer to him or her. The CEO typically delegates many of the tactical
 responsibilities to other managers, focusing instead on strategic issues, such
 as which markets to enter, how to take on the competition, and which companies
 to form partnerships with. This is in contrast to the chief operating
 officer or president , who oversees day-to-day operations and
 logistics. The CEO is ultimately accountable to the board of directors for the
 company's performance.

            The chairman of a company is the head of its board of directors. The
 board is elected by shareholders and is responsible for protecting investors'
 interests, such as the company's profitability and stability. It usually meets
 several times a year to set long-term goals, review financial results, evaluate
 the performance of high-level managers, and vote on important strategic moves
 proposed by the CEO. Directors appoint--and can fire--upper-level managers such
 as the CEO and president. The chairman typically wields substantial power in
 setting the board's agenda and determining the outcome of votes. But he or she
 does not necessarily play an active role in everyday management.

            The balance of power between the CEO and the chairman varies widely from
 company to company. Because the CEO cannot make major moves without the board's
 assent, and his or her job security depends on their satisfaction, the chairman
 of the board is technically his or her superior.
