
   
   
      
         
            Slander Patrol: Gore's Litmus Test

            John McCain says Al Gore and Bill Bradley are not qualified to be commander
 in chief "based upon their support of a litmus test for future chairmen of the
 Joint Chiefs of Staff." The Republican National Committee is now running ads
 that say the same thing. Leaving aside the minor nuance that Bradley never
 endorsed any test at all, let alone a "litmus" test for the Joint Chiefs
 chairman, is McCain right to argue that Gore's position is unreasonable?

            Here's what Gore said in the debate on January 5, in response to a
 question from Peter Jennings on whether he would have a "litmus test" for the
 post of chairman of the Joint Chiefs:

            

               I would try to bring about the kind of change in policy, on the "don't ask,
 don't tell" policy, that President Harry Truman brought about after World War
 II in integrating the military. And I think that would require those who wanted
 to serve in on the position of--on the Joint Chiefs to be in agreement with
 that policy. So, yes.

            

            In answer to a follow-up question from Jennings, Gore modified his answer
 slightly. "I would insist, before appointing anybody to the Joint Chiefs of
 Staff, that that individual support my policy," the vice president said. "And,
 yes, I would make that a requirement." Requiring "support" is somewhat
 different than requiring "agreement" (see "Kausfiles"
 for further analysis of this distinction). After he was attacked for the
 answer, Gore made clear his preference for his second response over his first.
 "I did not mean to imply that there should ever be any kind of inquiry into the
 personal, political opinion of officers in the U.S. military," Gore said, at an
 impromptu press conference two days later.

            As Gore belatedly realized, "support" is the better answer, because it
 leaves open the theoretical possibility of appointing a military officer so
 honorable that he will work assiduously to implement a policy he personally
 disagrees with.
