
   
   
      
         
            Wise Guys; Annoying Gals
            

            Dear Biggie,

            Wait a frigging second--could you please explain to me the phallic symbolism
 of herring? Herring in cream sauce, maybe, but regular old herring?

            Again, Judith, too many thoughts. I don't know where to begin with you. Oh,
 I know where--by telling you I finally get your Judith "De Man" Shulevitz joke.
 Like, De Man the Nazi-symp deconstructionist. You're pretty funny, for an
 intellectual. Let me repeat that last part--for an intellectual. (Dept. of
 Mortifying Amplification: I finally got the joke because someone explained it
 to me. OK, you explained it to me. Let's never talk about this again. I hate
 you comp-lit people).

            May I make one observation? There is way too much hype now about this show.
 Did you see the cover of TV Guide ? The cast is all there, and they're on
 the cover of Entertainment Weekly , and they're in Vanity Fair ,
 and the newsweeklies, ad infinitum. This is crazy already. I feel the backlash
 beginning.

            OK. I don't like Richie Aprile, the new thug on the block, precisely because
 he's such a malevolent thug, at least so far (yeah, he's a bit New Agey, but
 his whole yoga shtick feels forced, as if the writers decided that each and
 every character had to be a member of the sensitive, slightly feminized
 postmodern mob). I think it's dangerous for The Sopranos to introduce an
 ongoing character who's flat-out bad. (Though I guess that Mikey Palmice,
 Junior's now-dead henchman, filled that role last season.) All malevolence, all
 the time, as you put it, is fine for Casino --think Joe Pesci--but in
 The Sopranos ? The joy of The Sopranos is that all these bad-ass
 gangsters are possessed of some complicating goodness, or at least some kind of
 benign dream of a better life.

            But don't get me wrong: I much prefer the addition of a flat-out gangster to
 the cast than yet another annoying woman (uh oh, am I in trouble now?).
