
   
   
      
         
            U.S. vs. Us

            
               USA
 Today leads with our ambassador to the U.N. giving a speech there
 Monday saying that if it doesn't reduce America's dues, there will be serious
 damage done to the U.S. relationship with the world body. The New York Times ,
 Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times each lead with the announcement by Janet Reno and her top
 anti-trust aide that the Department of Justice filed a federal lawsuit against
 Microsoft alleging that the company's current marketing practices are in
 violation of a 1995 consent decree it signed with the government. The Wall Street Journal flags the suit in its business and
 finance news box, and USAT dedicates its front page "cover story" to
 it.

            When a story dominates a day like this one does, it's the differences that
 stand out. Everybody makes it clear that the central bone of contention is
 Microsoft's practice of requiring PC makers to include its Internet Explorer
 browsing software on each computer sold with MS's Windows operating system. But
 some accounts of what could be legally suspect about that are more successful
 than others. The most concise is in USAT , which says that a section of
 the 1995 consent decree "bans Microsoft from signing licensing agreements that
 force PC makers to also license other Microsoft products. In parentheses, the
 section adds: 'provided, however, that this provision in and of itself shall
 not be construed to prohibit Microsoft from developing integrated products.'"
 The Justice Department argues that Internet Explorer constitutes a separate
 product. Microsoft's position, says USAT , is that the browser is simply
 an "extension" of Windows.

            And the WP has the detail that the DOJ says at least three unnamed
 computer manufacturers were turned down when they asked Microsoft for
 permission either to remove the Internet Explorer browser entirely or just the
 desktop icon for it. Justice says, according to the Post , that in 1996,
 Microsoft threatened to withhold Windows 95 from one of the country's largest
 computer makers if it didn't include Internet Explorer.
