
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            AOL buys Time Warner. Bill Gates steps down as CEO of Microsoft. Sega now
 has 13 percent of the U.S. video-game market. And American Mutual Holding, an
 Iowa company, has agreed to buy the Indianapolis Life Insurance Company.
 Who can possibly keep up? All the more reason to buy really expensive Internet
 stocks, which can just keep going up. ... Actually, that doesn't seem to be
 working so well. Perhaps it's time to think about the virtues of municipal
 bonds.

            The truth is while the AOL-Time Warner deal was huge, it's more unusual now
 for a week to pass without a similar announcement. (Though I can't quite
 get over the shock of that insurance deal.) In a way, the most confusing part
 of this week was the breathtaking volatility in the stock market, and in
 particular in the Nasdaq. After a week in which tech stocks mainly moved in one
 direction--down--they came rallying back powerfully, but instead of resuming
 their steady upward ascent, they've begun swinging around wildly (even more
 wildly than usual). Companies that have reported blowout quarters--like Yahoo
 and Akamai--have been punished for no apparent reason, while other companies
 are trading much higher or lower on no news at all.

            You might say, of course, that this is just par for the course. But it feels
 a little different. It feels, in fact, like investors might be thinking a
 little more seriously about risk. But then it could just be the sunspots. And
 with that, on to this week's Cocktail Chat.

            1. "Ford unveiled its forthcoming line of electric vehicles , and said
 they will be sold under the new brand name Th!nk. (An odd choice, given the
 fact that thexclamationpointunk doesn't really trip off the tongue.)
 Company spokesman will presumably be The Artist Formerly Known As ..., and I
 imagine the advertising campaign will break new ground in the inventive use of
 heretofore ignored punctuation marks."

            2.
