
   
   
      
         
            Is Bill Gates Dispensable as CEO?
            

            The last item in this week's "Weekend Cocktail Chatter" is a perhaps cruel joke (or
 attempt at a joke) at the expense of the former CEO of barnesandnoble.com, who
 announced his unexpected resignation and saw his company's stock price barely
 move. The obvious question such an outcome provokes (so obvious that I had to
 ask it) is: If the stock market doesn't care that I'm leaving, what good was I
 doing in the first place?

            The irony, of course, is that Bulkeley's departure was immediately followed
 by the resignations of two much-higher-profile CEOs, David Glass at Wal-Mart
 and Bill Gates at Microsoft (which just happens to own 
                  Slate
               ).
 And in both those cases, investors reacted pretty much as they had to
 Bulkeley's departure. Wal-Mart's shares are down a tiny bit, while Microsoft's
 shares are actually up almost three points. Apparently CEOs are not quite as
 essential as one might imagine them to be.

            As it happens, that's true, in the sense that the underlying drivers of any
 business are more important than the particular individual at the top (although
 you do have to have someone at the top who can recognize and take advantage of
 those drivers). In the case of Bulkeley, barnesandnoble.com has been struggling
 for so long, without any obvious way of improving its business fundamentals,
 that his departure wasn't seen as making a fundamental difference one way or
 the other. In the cases of Glass and, particularly, of Gates, the economics of
 the companies they run are so phenomenal that it's hard to imagine the
 companies falling to pieces in their absence.

            But the picture is more complicated than this. Take Gates, for example. In
 the first place, whatever the economics of Microsoft are, he played a major
 role in creating them (certainly a larger role than any other person, though
 probably not a larger role than the advent of personal computing).
