
   
   
      
         
            Not Gotcha

            My 
                  Slate
                colleague Jacob Weisberg
 argues that the ... let's call it the unfolding of Vice President
 Gore's position on the great Joint
 Chiefs Gay Litmus Test issue was not sufficiently flip-floppy "to
 constitute a 'reversal.'" Many commentators in 
                  Slate
               's "Fray"
 echo this view, dismissing the whole controversy as a phony media game of
 "gotcha." I respectfully disagree.

            First, of course it was a reversal. Initially, Gore said he would
 require that any Chiefs nominee be "in agreement with" his gay policy. Then he
 came back and denied there should "ever be any kind of inquiry into the
 personal, political opinion of officers in the U.S. military." The only "litmus
 test," explained his adviser Robert Shrum, was the banal "constitutional one,
 civilian control of the military." Under Gore's Position No. 1, Colin Powell
 and Norman Schwarzkopf get bounced. Under Position No. 2, it would seem, they
 don't, since they presumably agree with the principle of civilian control.

            Weisberg says no, there is little functional difference between demanding
 "agreement" and Gore's second position (demanding constitutionally-required
 "support"), since Gore knows that those who disagree are likely to sabotage his
 policy. The only difference, Weisberg says, is that demanding "'support' ...
 leaves open the theoretical possibility of appointing a military officer so
 honorable that he will work assiduously to implement a policy he personally
 disagrees with." But under Gore's second position, Gore won't know who
 personally agrees or disagrees with his policy, since he says he won't inquire
 into the actual views of Chiefs candidates. (Don't Ask, Don't
 Tell!)

            More important, Weisberg assumes that Gore would never appoint somebody who
 disagrees, and might therefore sabotage the policy (among disagreers, only the
 theoretical perfectly honorable officer would pass muster).
