
   
   
      
         
            Who Are the Tibetan Lamas?
            

            Last week the Karmapa Lama, a 14 year-old Tibetan
 Buddhist Leader, fled to India from Chinese-controlled Tibet. Five years ago,
 the Chinese government sparked controversy by nominating a different boy for
 the position of Panchen Lama than the one the Dalai Lama had chosen. Who are
 all these lamas?

            Lama, which translates as "superior one," is a title officially extended
 only to the few dozen Tibetan Buddhist monks who have achieved the highest
 level of spiritual development. (In informal conversation, lama is used to
 refer to any Tibetan Buddhist monk.) Most lamas are believed to be
 reincarnations of previous lamas or holy men, and their places in the hierarchy
 are determined by these reincarnated identities. Tibetan Buddhism is divided
 into multiple branches. The Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama lead the largest sect,
 and the Karmapa Lama heads the second largest.

            The Dalai Lama is considered Tibet's spiritual leader, since he holds
 the highest position within the dominant Gelugpa ("Yellow Hat") sect. The title
 was first adopted by the Gelugpa leader in the 16 th century, and 100
 years later the Mongols deemed the position one of spiritual and
 temporal power. The 14 th and present Dalai Lama assumed the post as
 a five year-old in 1940. (When a Dalai Lama dies, his soul enters the body of a
 young boy. The child is identified through physical and mental tests, including
 familiarity with the previous leader's belongings.) The Dalai Lama fled Tibet
 in 1959 after the Tibetans' failed uprising against the Chinese communists, who
 had taken over in 1951. He has continued to serve as a religious leader in
 exile and received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 for his peaceful efforts to
 end Chinese rule in Tibet. (Click here to visit the Dalai Lama's official Web site.) 

            The Panchen Lama is the second highest Gelugpa leader, but does not
 have civil authority.
