
   
   
      
         
            DOE in the Headlights

            The Washington Post , New York Times ,
 and Los
 Angeles Times all lead with President Clinton's decision yesterday to
 support the IRS reform bill bound for easy House passage. The story also tops
 the Wall Street Journal 's world-wide news box. USA Today
 goes with government investigators saying that the nation's stockpile of
 nuclear weapons has become increasingly vulnerable to theft and sabotage.

            The USAT lead quotes a Pentagon report raising "serious concerns"
 over the physical security at Department of Energy nuke storage facilities and
 a DOE report that talks of a "developing crisis."

            House Republicans turned the groundswell of emotion loosed by abused
 taxpayers at hearings last month into votes for such ideas as putting the
 burden of proof on the agency in tax disputes and establishing an independent,
 largely civilian, control and review board. And ever since, report the papers,
 the White House has been looking for a face-saving way to sign on. According to
 the NYT and LAT , the key legislative adjustment was allowing the
 president to retain the power to appoint the IRS commissioner.

            The USAT front-page IRS piece quotes an Internal Revenue official
 saying that the reform bill is "going to be the taxpayer's worst nightmare"
 because "shifting the burden will mean more IRS intrusion into taxpayer
 finances."

            The WSJ "Tax Report" brings word that because of the recent changes
 in the capital gains tax rate, the Schedule D form for next year's returns will
 no longer have 19 lines--it will have 54.

            The LAT says the global warming plan to be announced today by the
 Clinton administration "falls short" of more stringent European proposals, and
 USAT says it calls for only "relatively small reductions" in greenhouse
 gasses. By contrast, the NYT emphasizes the plan's system of rewards (in
 the form of pollution credits, tax breaks, and subsidies) for companies that
 achieve greater emission cuts than its standards require.
