
   
   
      
         
            Partial Court Press

            The Washington Post and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with the Supreme Court's announcement that it will
 hear cases on abortion rights and gay rights this spring. Specifically, it will
 review a judgment overturning Nebraska's ban on late-term abortions, and a New
 Jersey Supreme Court ruling that the Boy Scouts could not exclude a gay troop
 leader. The LAT off-leads with the Supreme Court story, and leads with
 the ongoing LAPD probe: police officials' request that charges be filed against
 three officers. The charges would be the first in the Rampart corruption
 investigation. The New York
 Times
                lead focuses on the
 partial birth abortion ban and doesn't mention the Boy Scout case. The
 NYT and the WP front (and the LAT reefers) Russia's
 publication of a new national security doctrine. The new doctrine broadens the
 conditions under which Russia would use nuclear weapons, and describes the
 West, for the first time since the Cold War, as a potential threat to Russian
 security.

            All of the papers mention that the Supreme Court won't actually reevaluate
 the constitutional status of abortion. Nor will the hearings affect the bans on
 abortions after "fetal viability" (24 weeks into the pregnancy) currently
 pending in many states. Nebraska's Supreme Court rejected the state's ban
 because its loose definition of a "partial birth abortion" could apply to many
 common procedures used in early stages of pregnancy, violating a 1992 Supreme
 Court ruling against "undue burden" on access to abortion. The WP
 scrutinizes how the timing of the hearings and rulings will affect the
 presidential elections. The Court will most likely hear the cases in early
 April and rule in late June, just as the Campaign 2000 kicks into high gear.
 This timing should make the Supreme Court a major election issue, as the next
 president will likely nominate three justices.

            The New Jersey case, according to the WP, turns on what sort of
 organization the Boy Scouts are.
