
   
   
      
         
            Bradley Ain't Got Game
            

            Issue 1 is the Democratic presidential race. Issue 2 is the political
 tug-of-war over Cuban boy Elián González.

            The pundits become skeptical of Bill Bradley's chances to upset Al Gore.
 Most programs take note of the new polls showing him more than 10 points behind
 Gore in Iowa. (He was beating Gore just last month.) Tucker Carlson (CNN's
 Late Edition ) notes that Bradley has been spending nearly
 twice as much as Gore in Des Moines, and it doesn't seem to help. Many
 commentators--such as Brit Hume ( Fox News Sunday ), Mara Liasson ( FNS ), George
 Stephanopoulos (ABC's This Week ), and Steve Roberts ( LE )--call Bradley a
 hypocrite for abandoning his "above-politics" pose with his allegation that
 Gore had created the Willie Horton race-baiting tactic during the 1988
 Democratic primaries. (To read 
                  Slate
               's "Chatterbox"
 on Bradley's charges, click here.) Ceci Connolly (CBS's Face
 the Nation ) attributes Gore's Iowa surge to his attacks on Bradley's
 wishy-washy farm-assistance record. Both Susan Page ( LE ) and Bob
 Schieffer ( FTN ) predict a sweeping Gore victory in Iowa.

            In New Hampshire, where the two Democrats are running neck-and-neck, pundits
 note a general lack of enthusiasm for either candidate. ("If it were possible
 for both of them to lose the [New Hampshire] primary, then I think that would
 be conceivable," Steve Roberts says on LE .) But Kate O'Beirne (CNN's
 Capital Gang ) argues that new national polls--which show a
 narrower race between George W. Bush and Gore--are bound to make Gore look like
 presidential material to primary voters. And George Stephanopoulos
 ( TW ) predicts that the State of the Union address--which
 falls between the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary--will give Gore a
 boost, for the same reason. However, Connolly ( FTN ) points out that
 with his large cash flow, Bradley will not drop out of the race any time
 soon.
