
   
   
      
         
            Koppeling a Plea

            
               USA
 Today leads with President Clinton's announcement of a plan to combat
 global warming. The New York Times
 lead is a presidential advisory commission's recommendation of numerous new
 rights for patients. The Washington Post goes with the news that during the '96
 campaign, the Republican National Committee steered $1 million of donors' funds
 to sympathetic outside groups such as the National Right to Life Committee. And
 the Los
 Angeles Times leads with Boeing's announcement of the largest loss in
 company history.

            
               USAT says the Clinton greenhouse plan, to be submitted to an upcoming
 international conference on the problem, sets up a pollution credits market
 under which companies profit from getting below emissions standards, promises
 further incentives for companies cutting emissions before 2008, and also
 invests $5 billion over five years on energy-efficient technology. But, says
 the paper, the proposal is considered not stringent enough by many
 environmentalist groups, U.S. allies, and developing countries, yet too
 stringent by many American industries. The WP , in its front-page piece,
 points out that Clinton's proposal falls short of the goals he outlined in
 1993, when he called for voluntary cuts in greenhouse gas emissions back to
 1990 levels by the year 2000. It's the NYT , in its front-page story,
 that most clearly explains the relative smallness of the plan's $5 billion
 investment in global warming control: "enough to give every citizen an annual
 rebate covering one-fourth of the cost of a high-efficiency light bulb."

            Earlier this year, Republicans howled upon learning that DNC officials
 helped steer givers to congenial outside groups. Today's WP lead shows
 that the RNC did it too. The stratagem allows both donors and political parties
 to spend on their pet causes without being identified (unlike political
 parties, interest groups don't have to disclose their money sources).
