
   
   
      
         
            Real-World Libertarians and the Net
            

            I'm finding it a bit hard to locate my book in Richard's kickoff to this
 discussion. Its argument is not, as he suggests, that "liberty converges onto
 anarchy." To the contrary: My argument is that a certain form of libertarianism
 will lead to less liberty. A certain form of libertarianism--a knee jerk
 libertarianism that looks at every proposed intervention by government and says
 "leave the Net alone." My argument is that this response will lead to a Net
 with far less liberty than the Net we know now, with a potential to be far more
 regulated than any world we have known--ever.

            How?

            That's the second part of the argument that seems to have gone missing: that
 the liberty, or freedom, that cyberspace guarantees now is a function of the
 architecture of that space. That that architecture--which I call "code,"
 meaning the software and hardware that constitutes cyberspace as it is--was
 initially an architecture that protected fundamental freedoms. But that that
 architecture is changing. As it changes, the freedoms that the Net will
 guarantee changes as well.

            How is it changing?

            This is the third part AWOL in this initial kickoff of a discussion. The
 original architecture, given to us by researchers and hackers and generally
 libertarian sorts, is being changed as new layers of code are being added to
 this architecture. And these new layers are being added not by the same
 libertarian sorts who gave us the initial version of the Internet. They are
 being added by coders who work for commerce. The values implicit in their code
 are different from the values implicit in the code of the original Internet.
 And under one story about how that code evolves, they threaten to flip the
 character of the Net--from a place that protects liberty to a place where
 liberty has been coded away.

            Rather than focusing on those arguments, Richard wants to defend
 "libertarianism"--a cause that he has admirably defended for a great deal of
 time.
