
   
   
      
         
            Stranger Than Parody
            

            Well, if kids aren't going to learn smoking from
 television, then where are they going to learn it? It's not like parents are
 teaching them anymore, what with their selfish two-career
 lifestyles.

            Speaking of kids and smoking, did you see the New York Daily News
 today? (I'm back in New York this week, and one of my favorite things about
 returning here is the careful division of labor among the city's newspapers:
 They seem to have a tacit understanding that the Times will supply the
 city with its news, and the tabloids will supply those things that people
 actually want to read about. One is never in danger of finding out about, say,
 the latest news from the Canadian prime minister in the Post . Similarly,
 one will never read about the latest exploits of Mr. Sean "Puffy" Combs and
 Miss Jennifer Lopez in the Times . Essay question: How would each paper
 cover it, should Mr. Sean "Puffy" Combs ever bitch-slap the Canadian prime
 minister? I'd imagine each would have to have a nut-graf identifying one of the
 participants. The Times : "Mr. Combs is a hip-hop producer and musician."
 The Post : "Canada is a large country several hundred miles to the north
 of New York. Gwyneth Paltrow and Ben Affleck went there once.")

            In any case, Page 1 of the Daily News is about "herbal
 cigarettes"--tobacco-free cigarettes that seem to be marketed at kids, as a
 sort of on-ramp to smoking. What I love about it is, the pack they chose to
 illustrate the story is something called "Herbal Gold Cherry Flavor," and it
 depicts a jolly leprechaun with a shamrock in one hand and a cigarette in the
 other. It is so perfect, so absurd, that it's one of those increasingly common
 instances where real life defies parody. Had you and I spent weeks trying to
 mock a cigarette company targeting kids, we couldn't have come up with
 something so perfect. This seems to be part of a larger trend of real life
 outpacing satire.
