
   
   
      
         
            The Dems Debate Race

            The questions at tonight's Black and Brown Forum in Des Moines were the best
 at any of the presidential debates so far. I especially liked NBC correspondent
 Soledad O'Brien's one about why refugees from Cuba are allowed to stay in the
 United States while refugees from Haiti or China are not. O'Brien's
 co-moderator, Tavis Smiley of Black Entertainment Television, came up with an
 equally shrewd question about whether the priority of lily-white Iowa and New
 Hampshire in the presidential primaries is unfair to minorities. Yet another
 sharp question came from one of the panelists, Erik Parker of the music
 magazine The Source , who asked whether it was right to deprive convicted
 felons of the right to vote.

            What was especially impressive about these questions is that they were
 unexpected without being obscure, trivial, or overly clever. Each was
 substantive, framing a significant problem in a surprising and fresh way. And
 each was designed to make the candidates squirm, but without being merely a
 trick or a trap.

            In each case, the answers were revealing. Gore stumbled over O'Brien's
 immigration question by trying to argue that refugees from Communist countries
 should be treated differently. O'Brien rightly pointed out that this answer
 didn't account for China. Smiley's question on the primaries provoked both
 candidates into utterly unconvincing defenses of Iowa and New Hampshire's
 first-in-the-nation status. And the question about voting rights for felons
 caused Bradley to say he'd reconsider whether non-violent convicted felons
 deserved the right to vote. One could reasonably defend this position. The
 problem is that Bradley never did so before being asked about it
 tonight.Bradley's answer was an attempted constituency-pleaser on par with
 Gore's gays in the military answer from two debates ago. The difference is that
 where gays ought to have appreciated Gore's effort, I'm not sure blacks support
 the idea of criminals voting any more than whites do.
