
   
   
      
         
            Currency Events

            The Hong Kong sell-off leads all around. Where the papers vary is in their
 ability to say what happened. USA Today says the event was "the most widespread
 reaction to the spreading Southeast Asia currency crisis," but doesn't say a
 further word explaining that crisis or how it caused the sell-off. The Washington Post quotes this expert "explanation": "The
 government is willing to sacrifice its equity market to the currency peg." And
 offers this "clarification": "But analysts say the peg won't be easy to defend,
 however. Hong Kong would have to draw heavily on its own reserves and on those
 of China to support the market in the face of selling by currency
 speculators."

            The New York Times
 does better, explaining that Hong Kong sought to support its faltering currency
 by sharply raising overnight interest rates, to 300 percent. Then, explains the
 Times , investors responded by driving down Hong Kong stock prices on
 fears that higher rates would mean shriveling profits for the financial and
 property companies that are the market's backbone. But still, nobody explains
 why it wasn't obvious ahead of time that 300% interest was a tad
 incendiary.

            And there's the usual quote-a-bull, quote-a-bear approach to what it all
 means. The Los Angeles Times quotes one Wall Streeter saying, "This is
 the end of equity mania." The WP finds one who says the problems with
 Asia's currencies could shave two-tenths of a percentage point off the growth
 of the U.S. GDP, (Over what period of time? Is that a lot? The Post
 never says.), and that this might please the Fed, which of course, would please
 the stock market. Meanwhile, the NYT says the Hong Kong developments
 "could lead to a broad regional economic slowdown that would dampen the sales
 and earnings not just of local companies, but of major corporations from the
 United States to Europe that operate there." But the Times also says
 many market analysts believe that lower stock prices are a good buying
 opportunity, and would bring stability to the U.
