
   
   
      
         
            Masculinity, That Fragile Flower

            JAN. 17 (APE)--The boom in business media is damaging male self-esteem, a
 new study shows.

            The study's findings were unveiled yesterday at a news conference in lower
 Manhattan co-hosted by MALE, the Men's Association for Label Evaluation, an
 organization devoted to challenging negative stereotypes of men, and the two
 psychologists who performed the research. The psychologists, Dr. Eric Smith and
 Dr. Adam Cohen of New York University, interviewed 500 American men between the
 ages of 15 and 45 over a period of five years.

            "It's a wake-up call," said Dr. Smith of the results. "We are losing our
 brightest young men to a devastating disorder. They are squandering their
 enormous potential for growth and personal happiness on a meaningless obsession
 with dot-coms, bandwidth, relative net worth, and the fleeting indices of
 success, such as stock overvaluation."

            The study suggests that some men may be so affected by the proliferation of
 business television and financial services magazines that they fall prey to
 what Smith and Cohen call an obsessional disorder. Said Smith, "They binge and
 purge, or rather, purge then binge. Because they feel worthless, they punish
 themselves by coming in too early to the office and staying too late, whether
 they need to or not. Then they waste time on endless day trading and deplete
 their bank accounts on frivolous items--watches, suits, cell phones with Web
 browsers, huge bouquets they'll send to girlfriends alienated by their long
 hours and tedious business gossip, even though the girlfriends will just throw
 the flowers in the garbage."

            The periods in a man's life when he is most vulnerable to the condition,
 according to Smith and Cohen, are "troughs"--moments of transition, such as
 leaving high school and entering college, leaving college and entering the job
 market, hitting 30, and so on.
