
   
   
      
         
            America's Bitchiest Debates
            

            Hmmm. I see a way to kill two birds with one stone here. UPN recently,
 imprudently, trimmed the word "McNasty" from the title of Shasta
 McNasty , rendering it a naked Shasta . Here's a way for them to boost
 their ratings, repair their grievous show-naming error, and still save face:
 "Gore/Bradley McNasty Smackdown!" I'd watch.

            Actually, your point about the taunting in presidential debates brings up an
 interesting point: There have never been any presidential candidates possessed
 of great wit. Or even medium wit. Even the best moments from presidential
 debates, like Reagan's "I paid for this microphone," were transparently
 scripted well in advance. More often, the candidates throw around canned
 insults that were a) written by ghostwriters; and (b) aren't very good. The
 best example of this that comes to mind is the clumsy taunt aimed at Dukakis:
 "Governor, that answer was about as clear as Boston Harbor." Ooooooh. The
 closest we've come to a great moment of unpremeditated nastiness during a
 debate was Lloyd Bentsen's "You're no Jack Kennedy" line, and that has at least
 three caveats: First, it was during a vice-presidential debate. Second, I'm
 guessing that it probably was scripted well in advance, but at least Bentsen
 had the ability to make it appear off-the-cuff. And finally, it was used on
 Quayle, which is sort of like using a sledgehammer on a drugged baby seal.

            I know that there are those who say politics have become too nasty and
 personalized, that debates should be thoughtful discussions of policy issues.
 And, ideally, I suppose that would be the case. But it isn't. Instead, what we
 tend to get are safe, silly bromides--"I believe America's best days are ahead
 of us," the candidates say, waiting for their opponents to jump up and scream,
 "Liar!"--mixed in with ad hominem attacks. So, these being the state of
 affairs, couldn't the debates at least be amusing?
