
   
   
      
         
            Your Pentagon Inaction

            The New York Times and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the failure last night of a key test of the Pentagon's
 prototype anti-missile defense system. The "kill vehicle" was anything but,
 missing the surrogate incoming warhead 140 miles above the Pacific. USA Today
 leads with its latest political poll, which finds that no issue is considered
 extremely important by more than 40 percent of the respondents, suggesting that
 in the presidential election, the candidates' perceived personal qualities may
 be more important than their positions on the issues. The Washington Post goes completely local above the fold, with
 its top non-local story the Russians' fiercely contested advance into Grozny.
 (The early editions of the WP and USAT that Today's Papers works
 from closed before the missile test results had been released.)

            The NYT explains that the Pentagon's failed test was the first time the system's
 anti-missile was evaluated while being governed by a fully integrated system of
 sensors. Both Times say there will be only one more test before
 President Clinton decides up or down on the program. The LAT high up
 says that yesterday's failure "measurably increases the odds" that Clinton will
 choose not to go ahead with a national missile shield.

            On the heels of yesterday's studies from two think tanks suggesting that the
 income gap between rich and poor continues to grow, the LAT fronts and
 the Wall Street Journal front-indexes similar word today
 from the Federal Reserve. The difference is that the Fed focused not on income
 but on accumulated wealth. Some of the more striking findings: Although from
 1995 to 1998 the median family net worth rose from $60,900 to $71,600, the
 median family with a main breadwinner younger than 35 saw its net worth shrink
 by nearly 30 percent; during that same time span, median family debt rose from
 $23,000 to $33,300; and the percentage of families that own stock went from
 31.
