
   
   
      
         
            Ballot Box to Bush: Release the Codes!

            Whenever someone complains about George W. Bush's opting out of the
 voluntary federal spending limits in order to raise the unprecedented sum of
 $67 million (and counting) for the primaries, Bush and his supporters have an
 answer ready. Actually, they have two answers. The first is that, thanks to the
 antiquated contribution limit of $1,000, even the maximum donation is a minute
 drop in the bucket--something on the order of .0015 percent of the total
 collected. Their other answer is that the campaign goes well beyond what the
 law requires by making prompt and complete disclosure of all contributions on
 its Web site.

            A story by Michael Isikoff in Newsweek gives the lie to both
 these defenses. Isikoff discovered that the Bush campaign has devised a system
 for keeping track of how much various special interests are collecting for the
 candidate. These amounts are far in excess of $1,000. And they aren't publicly
 disclosed at all. In his own way, Bush stands to advance the cause of legal
 corruption as much as the groundbreaking work of the 1996 Clinton-Gore campaign
 did.

            The Bush campaign's technical innovation is the use of "tracking codes," to
 monitor how much money is coming from its big fund-raisers. Though the
 euphemism sounds as harmless as a Fedex delivery, this practice allows the
 campaign to stay fully informed about who is giving what. It also appears to
 stir a sense of competition, if not competitive panic, among Bush's major
 contributors and fund-raisers. Here's a link to a Bush fund-raising letter obtained by Newsweek that shows
 how the system works. In it, Tom Kuhn, who runs a utility trade association
 called the Edison Electric Institute, tells recipients of his solicitation to
 make sure to "incorporate the #1178 tracking number in your fundraising
 efforts" according to the instructions of Bush's top fund-raisers, Don Evans
 and Jack Oliver.
