
   
   
      
         
            Thinking Jiang

            
               USA
 Today leads with the season's first winter storm. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with a questionable loan to the Democrats. The New York Times
 leads with the vanishing budget deficit. The Washington Post leads with Jiang Zemin's visit.

            The Marlins win in the World Series gets plenty of front-page play, even at
 the NYT , which just a few months ago would have missed the story, but
 now doesn't because its new printing set-up allows for later deadlines.
 USAT 's game wrap-up has good details on the presence at the game of the
 mother of Marlins pitcher and Series MVP Livan Hernandez. It seems that her
 visit, too late for seeing any of her son's stellar pitching, was the fruit of
 three weeks of negotiations, including a written plea to Cuban officials signed
 by the Marlin players.

            The WP does some good deconstruction of the Jiang visit, pointing out
 that his laying of a wreath at Pearl Harbor's Arizona memorial was designed to
 remind Americans that China was once a military ally, and noting that the full
 military honors Jiang received upon his arrival in Hawaii were one of China's
 requirements for agreeing to a U.S. summit. Both the WP and NYT
 observe that the summit won't produce as many substantive agreements as was
 once hoped--the main result will be China's agreement to stop exporting nuclear
 technology in return for access to U.S. nuclear power equipment, but probably
 neither trade issues, nor human rights issues, nor the status of Taiwan will
 get resolved.

            The NYT says President Clinton will announce today that the federal
 budget deficit has fallen to $22.6 billion, the lowest since the early 1970s,
 and far below any other major industrialized nation. So low, says the
 Times , that "it almost does not matter whether it is eliminated." The
 paper says most of the credit goes not to government planning but to a healthy
 economy and a surging stock market.

            The Wall Street Journal says that a look at the current economy
 also shows that the alleged bad consequence of raising the minimum
 wage--increased unemployment in the low end of the service sector--just did not
 happen, turning the minimum wage increase into "one of the nonevents of
 1997.
