
   
   
      
         
            Something To Talk About
            

            I'm sort of ashamed to admit, I don't often read newspaper humor
 columnists--or newspaper columnists in general. My memory, from the time when I
 did read columnists regularly, is that even the very best of them tend to bat
 around .300. This is not, I suspect, their fault: The economics of newspapers
 and the tastes of readers more or less dictate that a columnist has to appear
 at least twice, and preferably three times, each week. That's 2,400 words. Very
 few people can turn out 2,400 words of penetrating insight every week. As a
 result, columnists often tend to turn to filler--mock outrage over the scandal
 of the day; rants on solidly uncontroversial topics (the New York Post 's
 Maggie Gallagher, I noticed, devoted an entire column yesterday to advancing
 the rather daring notion that adults should not have sex with children); and,
 in certain cases, paeans to the comforts of their family. I'm pretty sure that
 there are few fates worse than being the child of a columnist struggling with
 writer's block and a deadline. In the early 1990s, I could easily imagine Anna
 Quindlen turning to one of her kids and saying, "Please, for the love of God,
 say something innocent yet wise! And if it could have some bearing on a
 contemporary issue, all the better!"

            Again, I'm not really blaming the columnists here: They have a deadline to
 meet; they have space to fill. They do what they have to do. But I do think
 they're symptomatic of a larger problem: Journalistic overcapacity. Which is to
 say, we now have so many news outlets, with so many writers, that we are now
 saying far more than needs to be said, covering far more than needs to be
 covered. I might suggest that many of the mini-scandals that pop up and
 dominate the news for a few cycles do so not because anyone's legitimately
 upset or outraged over them but because people like you and (especially) me
 need something to talk about.
