
   
   
      
         
            Dot-Com Minimalism
            

            By now, we're all familiar with the avalanche of dot-com advertising that
 buried us last year, boosting the revenues of both Madison Avenue and the TV
 networks while bringing more than a few Internet companies to the verge of
 nonexistence (since they burned huge amounts of cash in just a few months). And
 some of us, at least, are still looking forward to the myriad dot-com ads that
 will be unveiled at this year's Super Bowl. But while the story of these ads is
 mainly one of a desperate grab for market share and brand identity via the
 familiar techniques of jittery cameras, hyperbolic humor, and some measure of
 association with that ineffable quality we now call "extreme-ness," the most
 interesting new Internet ad campaign offers none of these.

            That campaign, which debuted a couple of weeks ago and has yet to attract
 much notice, is advertising Internet discount retailer buy.com. And that is
 pretty much all the campaign advertises. In contrast to the frenetic style of
 most dot-com ads (which have produced some true gems, including most obviously
 Outpost.com's pack of ravenous wolves and flying gerbils, and the E*Trade and
 Ameritrade campaigns), the buy.com TV ad features the company's name in small,
 white lower-case letters on a black background. That's it. No music, no
 voice-over, no sound. Just 30 seconds of a name and silence. The company is
 also doing print and outdoor ads following the same motif, but no radio ads.
 (It seems hard to believe a radio station would accept an ad that consisted of
 just saying "buy.com," followed by 30 seconds of silence.)

            The new campaign is an attempt to cut through all of the noise--visual and
 sonic--around dot-com advertising, and its visual distinctiveness will
 undoubtedly make people notice it. The buy.com marketing people also suggest
 that the simplicity of the ads convey an implicit message that buy.com offers
 "convenience, simplicity, and freedom from higher prices.
