
   
   
      
         
            Smoking Is Very Bad for You
            

            Tim--

            Did you go to summer camp? I went for five years, and the one thing I could
 never get used to was that awful feeling I got in my stomach on the last
 morning. I would wake up--the final bars of "Stairway to Heaven" still running
 through my head from the last dance, the smell of smoke still in my hair from
 the last campfire--and my heart would be filled with despair, knowing that in
 just a few short hours the buses would arrive to transport me from the warm
 nurturing womb of summer camp back to the harsh, unfriendly place that is the
 Real World. Well, that's how I felt today, our last day of "Breakfast Table."
 So let's make sure we exchange numbers and stay in touch ... you know, even
 after the summer. And we'll see each other next year, right? Right, Tim?
 Sigh. Oh, and sorry about participating in "Tie Tim Down and Beat Him on
 the Stomach With Soap Wrapped in a Towel Night," but everyone else in the bunk
 went along with it.

            Now on to the news.

            On Monday you expressed a desire to antagonize the "Fray" and I don't know
 about you, but I've been somewhat disappointed in our results. Despite our
 attempts, almost zero outrage. So let me try with this one: Smoking is very bad
 for you. And, according to the New York Times , the Canadian government
 agrees with me, as it proposed radical new cigarette packaging rules yesterday
 that would force tobacco makers to create cigarette packs that carry color
 photographs of diseased hearts and cancerous lungs and lips.

            Look, I think everyone should be warned of the dangers of smoking. I think
 every cigarette pack and ad should have a warning label, and a straightforward
 one at that. (I propose: "Smoking is very bad for you.") I'm glad they've
 banned cigarettes in restaurants and public spaces in New York so I don't have
 to breathe in Joe Butts' secondhand smoke. But I think that as long as someone
 is an adult (key word there; scumbags who sell cigarettes to children should be
 treated to a heavy dose of state-sponsored torture), then let them enjoy their
 pack-a-day trips to Marlboro Country.
