
   
   
      
         
            The First Amendment Works in Cyberspace Too
            

            Having read Larry's valedictory, I am
 impressed more with his plaintive, rhetorical ploys than his substantive
 argument. It is not that he is a failed teacher who cannot convey the sound
 message to a slow student. It is that he is a skilled teacher, or at least
 advocate, who has tried to sell an alarmist message that just does not add
 up.

            The first problem that I see is that Larry cannot distinguish between a
 change and a problem. Of course the proprietary systems will loom larger on the
 Internet with the rise of commerce. But that makes sense for most people. If
 the system turns out to be filled with folks who plant traps along the way,
 there are responses to deal with them, whether they are the next generation of
 cookies or the old bait-and-switch techniques. We have rules that regulate the
 full-time surveillance of other individuals on land, and these can be carried
 over to the Net as needed. And should we worry if the ACLU and the Christian
 right have their gates to filter information? Yes, if they can impose their
 will on individuals who do not join in their cause; but no if the service is
 requested and disclosed in advance. But whether it is done online or in person,
 it does not count as censorship (or at least censorship worthy of scorn) if
 requested by the individual in question. Larry seems to think that public and
 private controls are the same, but they are not, at least when the private
 areas give choices and allow for new entry.

            The second problem that I see with Larry's approach is that he assumes that
 there is some selective, legal void in cyberspace. Take one of his examples. If
 I give my information to Site 1, and then it is transfered without my consent
 to an affiliated site, that could well amount to a breach of duty that exposes
 the operators of both sites to serious liabilities. Just think of the roar that
 went up when it was found out that some public radio stations gave their lists
 out only to Democrats for recruitment purposes.
