
   
   
      
         
            Connection Trouble
            

            A "plaintive" "Cassandra"? No, Richard, more a disappointed Eeyore. My last
 response wasn't lamenting the end of cyberspace. It was lamenting the failure
 to connect. What baffles me is your refusal to engage an argument that I have
 made--any argument, either in this exchange, or from the book. But you won't.
 You attack what I "seem" to be saying or what I must "assume." Why not attack
 what I say?

            For example:

            You say my "first problem ... is that [I] cannot distinguish between a
 change and a problem" and then you go on to argue that real-space law will be
 "carried over to the Net as needed." But where have I ever said anything
 different? My argument is against those who say law won't "be needed" and
 shouldn't be used.

            You ask why "should we worry if the ACLU and the Christian right have their
 gates to filter information" so long as they don't "impose their will on
 individuals who do not join their cause." But it was precisely my point that
 the PICS architecture enables the imposition on those who do "not join their
 cause." So are you agreeing with me? Or disagreeing with me? Or just not
 hearing me?

            You say "Larry seems to think that public and private controls are the
 same." Where have I ever said anything like that? Obviously they are both
 "controls." Obviously they are differentially dangerous, depending upon the
 context. What words have I uttered to conflict with these obvious
 banalities?

            You rightfully report my "lament" at the displacement of an embedded First
 Amendment, and then quote my argument about the increasing power of government
 to zone cyberspace. But then you chide me that the "painfully obvious answer"
 to my lament is that these changes won't come "if that kind of restriction
 violates the First Amendment."

            But Richard, look at what I wrote. The section you quote was not talking
 about the First Amendment--it was talking about the consequences of increasing
 identification.
