
   
   
      
         
            Union Dues and Don'ts

            The New York Times leads with an
 exclusive: extensive corruption in the nation's second-largest union, the
 American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, based on an
 internal union document. The Washington Post goes with the D.C. government's decision to
 follow the example of numerous other cities by filing a multimillion-dollar
 lawsuit against the nation's major handgun manufacturers and distributors.
 USA
 Today leads with fresh polling indicating that despite close races in
 the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary, both Al Gore and George W.
 Bush have "huge" leads among voters nationwide. The poll shows that among
 likely voters, Bush beats Gore decisively and beats Bradley too, although by
 less of a margin. And McCain beats each of the two Democrats as well. The top
 non-local story at the Los Angeles Times is the expected announcement today by
 President Clinton that his proposed budget will include a $3 billion increase
 over last year in federal science funding.

            The NYT says the union report describes corrupt activities by 35
 union officials, mostly misappropriation of union funds, totaling $4.6 million.
 A particularly disturbing note: The paper quotes the union's general counsel as
 saying it is "cleaner than most unions." It should be noted that the
 Times says high up in its story that the report was "made available by a
 union official eager to have the federation take a tougher stance on
 corruption." This exemplifies the paper's admirable general policy when dealing
 with unnamed sources of at least communicating to the reader the source's
 motivation and personal connection to the story.

            The WP lead notes that municipal anti-gun suits have suffered a
 series of legal setbacks recently, with judges throwing out several of them.
 Another obstacle, explains the Post , is unique to D.C.: Congress, which
 overseas the city's budget, can step in to prevent the funding of a lawsuit.
