
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Lots of impressive earnings reports this week from the usual suspects
 (America Online, Sun Microsystems, Gateway, and Microsoft, among others), and
 tech stocks remained fairly strong. But the Dow took it on the chin, perhaps
 because (if you're feeling cynical) people who invest in Dow stocks are the
 only people who still worry about things like rising interest rates or perhaps
 because (if you're feeling Chicago-school rational) the Dow has more stocks in
 it that will be hit hard by a cyclical slowdown than does the Nasdaq. The truth
 is it's hard to say.

            In any case, the merger wave continued, with Glaxo and SmithKline Beecham
 announcing engagement plans. The news sent both companies' stocks down sharply,
 but their CEOs never stopped smiling. The thing is, after the 1980s, we were
 supposed to have understood that most mergers don't work, and that when the
 stock market punishes both stocks, the merger really won't work. But
 then I remember: Even now, the stock market doesn't run companies. Men who like
 the idea of running as big a company as can be imagined do. And so, on to this
 week's Cocktail Chat.

            1. "The Wall Street Journal reported that Warner-Lambert, American
 Home Products, and Procter & Gamble are trying to concoct a three-way
 deal to 'foil' Pfizer's $78.9 billion hostile bid for Warner-Lambert.
 The Journal used the word 'foil,' but surprisingly, it did not run a
 photo of Pfizer's CEO twirling his black mustache."

            2. "The interest rate on the 30-year U.S. bond is now actually lower
 than the interest rate on the seven-year U.S. bond. In other words, investors
 think it's safer to lend money for a long time than for a short time
 (relatively speaking, since seven years ago the first George Bush was still
 president). Apparently bond traders are now anticipating a steep decline in the
 already low inflation rate, beginning in the winter of 2007."

            2a.
