
   
   
      
         
            The Ghost of Paul Tsongas

            Boone, Iowa -- Today the Democratic contest felt a lot like 1992, with Al
 Gore playing Bill Clinton and Bill Bradley cast involuntarily in the role of
 Paul Tsongas.

            Like Bradley, Tsongas was a high-minded reformer who appealed most strongly
 to educated, affluent voters in the Northeast. He cultivated a similar image as
 an anti-politician brave enough to level with voters. And like Bradley, Tsongas
 tried to make his inverted charisma into a virtue. After he won the New
 Hampshire primary, Tsongas transcended his status as a media darling and got
 taken seriously as someone who could actually win the Democratic nomination.
 But within a few weeks, he was knocked out of the race by a combination of Bill
 Clinton's effective demagoguery on Social Security and concerns about his
 medical condition. 

            Bradley is now suffering the effects of a similar one-two punch. Over the
 past few months, Gore has pummeled him using demagogic attacks straight out of
 the Clinton playbook, beating him up over Medicare and support for farmers. And
 yesterday, Bradley acknowledged that his irregular heartbeat, a condition known
 as atrial fibrillation, has been acting up. At a press conference yesterday,
 Bradley said he has had four episodes since late December. He said that this
 was nothing to be concerned about, but it sure doesn't sound like nothing.
 Bradley has been looking a bit pallid lately, and the fact that he's just
 getting around to revealing the problem raises suspicions that he is being less
 than fully candid about it.

            Gore is acting like someone who remembers what happened to Paul Tsongas. His
 demeanor on the stump reflects the growing consensus that Bradley is
 floundering and that the battle for the Democratic nomination is, if not quite
 over, now a largely foregone conclusion. Gore is more than 20 points ahead in
 Iowa, and he has erased Bradley's lead in New Hampshire according to a couple
 of different polls.
