
   
   
      
         
            Stock Coverage

            Wall St.'s big comeback is everybody's lead. As if to illustrate the
 transitoriness of the stock market and journalism about it, the USA Today
 headline--"Markets rebound"--is in the same bold type as its headline
 yesterday--"Massive Sell-off." At one stroke, the Dow Jones industrial average
 posted its biggest one-day gain and its heaviest volume ever--more than 75
 percent greater than the previous record, which was set yesterday. One investor
 pointed out to the Wall Street Journal that the 1.2 billion share volume would
 have been a whole year's worth of trading in 1958.

            The trading day started off down nearly 200 points, but the papers agree on
 the main reasons for the mid-session turnaround: the chief strategist for
 Goldman Sachs recommended that investors boost the stock portion of their
 portfolios, and IBM and several other blue-chippers announced company buy-backs
 of their stock. The Washington Post adds some political reasons: President
 Clinton briefly interrupted a speech he was giving on education to reaffirm his
 faith in the strength and soundness of the economy, and the Labor Department
 issued a report about worker wages that indicates inflation remains under
 control.

            Ultimately, say the papers, it had to do with the decision of investors to
 get back in the market (Duh. What else could it be?), which the WSJ
 calls "a sweeping reaffirmation of their love affair with stocks," and the
 New York Times
 describes as "Main Street [riding] in yesterday to rescue Wall Street."

            In general, the NYSE handled the volume glitchlessly, although, notes the
 WSJ and NYT , NASDAQ ran into bottlenecks as the rally built. The
 Journal also confirms yesterday's WP story that on-line trading
 was hit-or-miss.

            Everybody's coverage continues to focus heavily on the DJIA, which is a
 basket of only 30 stocks, some of them hardly key players in the emerging world
 economy, instead of broader market measures like the S&P 500.
