
   
   
      
         
            The Conformists
            

            Dear Chris,

            A Beatles biographer, I forget which one, once said that Sgt. Pepper
 "brought the world closer together than any event since the Congress of
 Vienna." Whatever that means. Maybe "monoculture" is too strong a word
 for this way of thinking, maybe not. But you've certainly hit on something by
 focusing on Miller's partiality to music that "brings us all together." He's an
 e pluribus unum man.

            Miller quotes Ed Kelly, one of the interchangeable dancers on Dick Clark's
 American Bandstand , as saying: "The craziest part of it was that many of
 us became these instant celebrities, yet none of us really had any talent."
 There is an implicit criticism here of rock's role in creating today's
 problematic (to put it mildly) celebrity culture.

            But Miller is not awfully concerned about authenticity. For him, rock is

            
               the product of the coldest sort of commercial calculation, true,
 but also embodying a not ignoble vision, of an America transformed, of Mind and
 Body, Black and White, dancing the same dance, moving to the same beat, as
 kids, en masse, joined in their own brand of Dionysian revelry, watered down
 and trite, but genuinely uplifting all the same.
            

            But this is ignoble. This is where rock turns into the
 feed-bag-for-morons, the opiate of the masses, that its harshest critics have
 always condemned. Once rulers understand the political implications of
 Dionysian revelry, it gets turned to rotten ends. Merengue is terrific music,
 too, but when, half a century ago, Trujillo ordered that sound systems be set
 up to play it all over the Dominican Republic, it wasn't to "uplift" people but
 to render them passive.

            Rock has its roots in the Cold War; it is, at least in part, the musical
 expression of outrage at the uniformity and boredom of American suburbia. But
 like so many protest movements, it partakes of the very vices it purports to
 critique.
