
   
   
      
         
            Tiananmen Square-Off

            The Clinton/Jiang summit is everybody's lead. A nuclear nonproliferation
 deal was struck, as was a deal selling American-made airliners. But what seems
 to make the biggest impression on the dailies was the extraordinary
 shoulder-to-shoulder dispute over China's human rights record between the two
 men at their joint press conference. Everybody reports that when Jiang defended
 the suppression of the Tiananmen Square protests as necessary to preserving his
 country's stability, Clinton stated that on human rights, China is "on the
 wrong side of history." The Wall Street Journal points out that Clinton was similarly
 forthright regarding China's trade policies, noting that he said right to
 Jiang's face, "Just as China can compete freely and fairly in America, so our
 goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in China."

            The Los
 Angeles Times calls the episode a "cordial but frank clash," but says
 the two countries have agreed not to let their continuing rights differences
 stand in the way of strategic and economic ties. The New York Times
 sees things a little more starkly, saying that the public disagreement
 "appeared to broaden the gulf between the two powers on human rights."

            Both the Washington Post and NYT report that the summit
 agreement for U.S. companies to sell reactors to China in return for China's
 stand-down from helping Iran go nuclear was immediately denounced by some
 members of Congress. Yet neither paper explains what Congress can do about the
 deal. The Journal does a little better, saying that Congress can
 "challenge" it within thirty days, but doesn't elaborate what form that
 challenge can take. Also, the Post says that the deal calls for China to
 "curb," and the Times says it calls for China to "abandon," its Iran
 nuke program, but the WSJ explains that China agreed merely not to
 engage in any "new" cooperative programs with Iran, but will be completing two
 projects already underway there.
