
   
   
      
         
            Jiang and the Restless

            After a string of party-line days, news diversity breaks out. The Washington Post leads with Jiang Zemin's testy meeting with
 some members of Congress. The New York Times
 leads with U.S. emergency aid to Indonesia designed to help bring financial
 stability back to Asia. The Los Angeles Times goes with a California Supreme
 Court decision that children may sue their mothers' employers for injuries they
 received in the womb from unsafe working conditions experienced by their moms.
 And the USA
 Today lead is the 2nd degree murder conviction returned against British
 au pair Louise Woodward in the death of an eight-month-old boy in her care. The
 paper reports that when the verdict was returned, Woodward, 19, wept
 hysterically and shouted, "I didn't do anything!"

            According to the WP , Jiang's closed-door congressional meeting had
 the same rather tempestuous atmosphere as did his press conference with Bill
 Clinton earlier in the week. Jiang gave no quarter as he was asked by members
 about forced abortions, harvesting of human organs from executed prisoners,
 religious repression, foreign weapons sales, jamming U.S. broadcasts and his
 country's takeover of Tibet. Several members presented Jiang with lists of
 political and religious prisoners to be released. Sources tell the Post
 that there was no discussion about allegations of Chinese illegal campaign
 contributions during the last election cycle.

            Jiang invited Newt Gingrich to Tibet and the WP says he replied by
 saying he would hope Jiang would greet him there alongside the Dalai Lama. The
 LAT front-page account of all this depicts Gingrich in a somewhat more
 ironic light, quoting the Speaker as saying that in his discussions with Jiang,
 he saw "no defense of dictatorship" of the sort the Soviets used to make. Yet
 after the meeting, reports the Post , Jiang gave a defiant speech in
 which he made no concessions about human rights in his country or Tibet.
