
   
   
      
         
            Gore and Dope: A Chatterbox Exclusive

            WASHINGTON--A forthcoming biography of Vice President and presidential
 hopeful Al Gore challenges yet another key assertion by the Gore campaign about
 the candidate's former marijuana use.

            As previously reported by DRCNet , Salon , the New York Times , and the Washington Post , the new book, by Newsweek staffer Bill Turque, suggests that
 Gore's youthful marijuana use was more extensive than the candidate has alleged
 since 1987, when he first admitted having experimented with the illegal drug.
 The allegation comes from John Warnecke, a former neighbor of Gore's in
 Nashville. Gore has denied Warnecke's account, and the reliability of
 Warnecke's story may be questionable because he is, according to the
 Post , "a recovering alcoholic" who "has voluntarily been hospitalized
 for depression a number of times" and is "now living on disability."

            But Chatterbox has learned from another source that Gore may not have
 been truthful when he made the separate claim that he "never got high enough to
 get the munchies," as he told CNN's Larry King in 1996.

            Hazel Grizzleslope, a retired bagger for the Piggly Wiggly grocery in
 Murfreesboro, Tenn., said that she spotted Mr. Gore in the store on Dec. 16,
 1972, purchasing 17 bags of Dorito's and three boxes of Hostess cupcakes.

            One of the cupcake boxes was already opened when it arrived at the counter,
 Ms. Grizzleslope said, and the icing was missing from one of the cupcakes. Mr.
 Gore's mouth, she said, was smeared with a substance that may have been
 chocolate.

            "A little piece fell onto the cash register," Ms. Grizzeslope recalled
 yesterday. "Ah wish t'heck ah'd thought to scoop it up and taste it. Ah just
 didn't realize how important it would be 28 years later."

            Although Ms. Grizzleslope during the 1980s had several painful bouts of
 toenail fungus, she insisted that this had not affected her powers of
 recollection.
