
   
   
      
         
            Pre-Teen Follies
            

            Dear Christine--

            All right, all right ... so maybe I exaggerated a little when I said you
 were a Republican operative plotting Al Gore's demise when you ran into him
 outside that Washington movie theater way back when. So I took a little
 literary license. Trust me, sister. The story works great when you're not
 around to correct it with trifles like the facts.

            I do remember the laughable panic that Washington plunges into every time
 the city gets so much as a dusting of snow. But here in New York City, as you
 know, the mindset is a little different. Here it takes the equivalent of a
 percussion bomb to get anyone's attention. Here, we don't chitchat much about
 the weather or foreign policy or world peace. Every day is a Seinfeld
 episode and, even when it's not, the tabloid headline writers try to turn it
 into one. We're the hard-to-please connoisseurs of a unique local art form: The
 Truly Weird Story.

            Take today. Rather than waking up and remarking about the four inches of
 snow we received here overnight, the big story here is about the two office
 workers who were stuck in an skyscraper elevator that went on a 40-story free
 fall--only to screech to a stop near the fourth floor when the emergency brake
 kicked in.

            Apparently, some rescue workers took an adjacent elevator to the place where
 the man and woman were stuck, took out the side panels that separated the two
 elevator cars, then asked them to make a tightrope walk across a narrow beam
 that spanned the shaft between the two elevators, as if these two poor
 knee-knocking souls were suddenly the second coming of Karl Wallenda.

            They did it. But can you say 'intensive therapy'?

            Another headline here today said Mia Farrow's son, Seamus, wants to enroll
 at Columbia next year. Even though he's 12. Apparently, he's already taking
 courses at a small college at Massachusetts.
