
   
   
      
         
            The Sporting Life and Real Life
            

            Hi Chris--

            Read your lament about Derrick Thomas, the Kansas City linebacker who was
 left paralyzed yesterday in a car accident, and I felt the same pang you did
 when I saw the news this morning that he'd been hurt. I did have the pleasure
 of interviewing Thomas in the past, and the memory of his smile is what's
 haunting me today--that smile, and the mischievous light that always shone in
 Thomas' eyes even though he had to deal with another numbing tragedy before
 this. Remember? Thomas' father died in a jet fighter crash a couple of decades
 ago, when Derrick was only a few years old. Now this.

            I'm sure Thomas will be remembered in Atlanta this week at the Super Bowl,
 especially today as the reporters descend on the players and coaches for a
 reaction. But I think we both know when reality intrudes in sports, the people
 in sports tend to retreat even deeper into the games they play. And they can't
 wait for the games to resume.

            To be sure, there's always some sad talk about the infinity of possibilities
 that are lost when something like this happens, or when some similar tragedy
 comes along. There's been a spate of them recently, hasn't there? How about
 that drive-by shooting that Rae Carruth, the ex-Carolina Panthers wide receiver
 was recently charged with after his girlfriend was shot and died. How about
 that car crash that claimed Bobby Phills' life after he and a Charlotte Hornets
 teammate, David Wesley, were drag racing in their Porsches down a city street
 after practice. The police guessed Phills was travelling 110 miles per hour
 before his car spun out of control.

            John Rocker, the big-mouth Atlanta Braves pitcher, had a ride atop the
 headlines a few weeks ago after he insulted nearly every minority group this
 country harbors. But, sports being sports, I'll bet the buzz about Michael
 Jordan's return to basketball as part owner of the Washington Wizards will last
 far longer, and generate reams more copy--which, again, isn't surprising.
