
   
   
      
         
            More Un-Bubblish Behavior From the Market
            

            This is a strange time in the stock market. On the one hand, prevailing
 wisdom among the chattering classes has it that current stock prices,
 especially on the Nasdaq, represent a bubble, and that the best we can hope for
 is for that bubble to lose slow air slowly, rather than in one giant burst. I
 started collecting examples of journalists saying things like "this overvalued
 market" and "Does anyone remember Japan in the 1980s?," but I stopped because,
 well, I got bored. At the same time, though, no one seems to be actually
 selling their stock, perhaps because everyone's succumbed to the siren song of
 long-term investing or perhaps because everyone always thinks they'll be the
 ones who can get out just before the crash.

            

               Or it may be that people are staying invested because for a supposed bubble
 in which prices are driven ever higher by indiscriminate investors, this market
 is actually quite discriminating, and its standards for corporate performance
 remain quite high. In an earlier
 column, I wrote about the segmentation of Internet stocks into winners and
 losers, and in recent weeks we've seen a mediocre Christmas further segment the
 Net sector by taking a real toll on Internet retailers. When Lucent recently
 announced that its quarterly numbers would fall well short of expectations, the
 stock dropped 40 percent. And today, Qualcomm saw its stock price drop 10
 percent in a few minutes of after-hours trading despite the fact that the
 company announced that it had grown profits by 213 percent in the latest
 quarter.

               Now, one way of looking at these sharp turns in market sentiment is to
 dismiss them by citing them as evidence of that much-dreaded "volatility." But
 a more accurate way of looking at them is to see that investors are thinking
 hard about what news means for a company's future earning prospects and are not
 interested in rewarding companies that fail to live up to expectations.
