
   
   
      
         
            Is Helmut Kohl a Crook?
            

            On Jan. 18, amid revelations that his Christian Democratic Union accepted
 2.4 million deutsche marks ($1.2 million) in secret contributions, former
 German Chancellor Helmut Kohl resigned as the party's honorary chairman. Kohl
 claims he used the funds for legitimate "party-building" activities, but
 refuses to name a single donor to clarify the situation. Has Kohl done anything
 illegal? If so, what would the punishment be?

            German campaign-finance law places no limit on contributions to parties,
 requiring only that donors of more than 20,000 deutsche marks ($10,500) per
 year be identified in an annual report to parliament. (Contributions to
 individual candidates are unregulated.) The CDU committed a civil offense by
 ignoring this law, and now faces punitive fines totaling twice the undisclosed
 contributions, in addition to having to forfeit the actual contributions to
 parliament. (Fines are deducted from the campaign subsidies the government
 gives to the party.) 

            German parties must also report expenditures on broad categories like
 "staff" and "political operations" in their annual report to parliament. The
 CDU failed to report expenditures of the undisclosed contributions as well, but
 Kohl insists he used the money for building the party in the former East
 Germany.

            Kohl's refusal to name names is not illegal--the only illegality surrounding
 the funds was the party's original failure to disclose them. For political
 reasons, the CDU may try to force him to talk by suing for "breach of trust,"
 but the party would still have to pay the fines.

            While an internal CDU audit has now uncovered $6.3 million worth of
 undisclosed contributions between 1989 and 1998, much of the money trail
 remains obscured by secret bank accounts. So secret, in fact, that the scheme
 came to light only by chance, when a tax probe of a former CDU treasurer
 revealed $550,000 in contributions from a Canadian arms dealer.
