
   
   
      
         
            The Great Stonewall of China

            Jiang at Harvard is the big story. It's the national lead at the New York Times ,
 and leads the Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post leads with the news that the Republicans
 have a huge money-raising and spending edge over the Democrats for the
 elections coming up, but also gives Jiang plenty of top-front coverage.

            The Jiang headlines at both the WP and LAT emphasize his
 reference to past "mistakes," while the NYT headline focuses instead on
 the applause he received during his speech. The "applause" and "laughter"
 ( NYT ) or cheers ( WP ) came when Jiang said his current trip to the
 U.S. gave him a more specific understanding of American democracy than he'd had
 previously. (The protests at Harvard yesterday were the largest there since
 Vietnam.) The "mistakes" came in this way: when Jiang was asked why the
 Communist Party had chosen confrontation over dialogue in 1989, he replied, "It
 goes without saying that naturally we may have shortcomings and even make some
 mistakes in our work, however we've been working on a constant basis to improve
 our work."

            The Times seems to take the applause as crowd approval of Jiang, but
 isn't it more likely that the crowd was applauding the power of raucous
 American protest instead? Similarly, the Post and LAT make much
 of how Jiang's mention of mistakes was an unprecedented policy concession, but
 since he didn't say anything at all about Tiananmen square or political
 prisoners when he used the phrase, why couldn't it be taken to be no more than
 the Chinese version of Ronald Reagan's Iran-Contra "mistakes were made"--in
 other words merely a simulated apology, not a real one? After all, within
 minutes of speaking of mistakes, Jiang was adamant in his defense of his
 country's actions in Tibet. (Interestingly, the NYT doesn't even mention
 the "mistake" line.)

            According to the papers, here's what academic freedom means at Harvard where
 the president of China is involved: The questions asked of Jiang were chosen by
 a committee of four scholars.
