
   
   
      
         
            The Online Buffet
            

            Russ,

            Apparently you are a morning person. I'm not--I have to stumble out of bed,
 have coffee, sit around reading the papers--or if it's my turn go into town to
 get them first, no home delivery up here. Hopefully something in the paper will
 stimulate a little adrenalin (not much luck this week; last time I did one of
 these things I had Kosovo to write about). Only then can I begin to face such
 questions as ... What do I think of 
                  Slate
               ? Well, first, my
 relationship to 
                  Slate
               , Salon too, has been much more like
 my relationship to a restaurant than to any print publication. I go there
 occasionally, sample whatever looks interesting, often because somebody has
 mentioned a piece to me ("you should try the ..."). It's like my relationship
 to the rest of the Web, actually, casual and uncommitted, without intense
 expectations about what ought to be there or any necessity, as with newspapers
 and magazines I read regularly, to see what 
                  Slate
                has to say
 about X. Plus, there's much too much stuff to do anything like read a whole
 "issue." I didn't subscribe to it when you had to pay. I might now, just
 because it's become more prominent in the public conversation, and if I did
 have to pay I might pay closer attention to it in the interest of getting my
 money's worth.

            But I'm not sure 
                  Slate's "professionalism" is an asset. What
 most interests me about online journalism is it's so much looser and more
 serendipitous. As a writer, I'm intrigued by this e-mail dialogue form. It's
 less like writing a piece than like participating in a panel discussion, only
 allowing me to do what I can't in a panel discussion--express myself as well as
 I can in writing. I like the idea of talking to people I don't usually get to
 talk to, at least where they can talk back.
