
   
   
      
         
            Mike's New Gig
            

            Hi--

            Interesting you mentioned Michael Jordan, because I was reading a story in
 yesterday's Washington Post about his first practice with the Wizards.
 What does it say about a team when its best player is its owner? A lot,
 huh?

            So the owner (or president of basketball operations or whatever he is) puts
 on a Wizards No. 23 practice jersey (love that) and sits around waiting for the
 real players to show up for the morning workout.

            Here's a quote: "I was one of the first guys here," forward Tracy Murray
 tells the Post , "and when he (Jordan) saw me, he said, 'What are you
 doing showing up late?' I said, 'Late. I'm early.' But he was already dressed
 and ready to go."

            This is going to be fun. Here's the story: The wily old veteran as wrecking
 ball, crashing into the infrastructure of today's 20-something,
 multi-millionaire, "What? Me practice?" new-age sports world. Fabulous.

            As you know, I've never covered the NBA (people reading this must be saying,
 what does this woman cover? The answer is the Olympics, and football and
 chick soccer--as of last July--and, of course, the most entertaining sport on
 the planet, figure skating. Among other things). So I've never reported on
 Jordan. Ever. But then I got the call about the 4 p.m. press conference at the
 MCI Center and so I made it last week's USA Today column.

            I went in thinking I wouldn't like Jordan. I don't know why I thought this;
 probably because of all the MJ hype and MJ adoration and MJ this and MJ that
 and a lingering feeling that ESPN SportsCentury totally blew it and should be
 renamed ESPN SportsDecade: The '90s. Jordan over Babe Ruth? Or Ali? Come on.
 (And where was Billie Jean King on that list? 59 th ? Thanks, boys.
 That's what that was: The boys picking their favorite boys who play
 sports.)

            But, get this, I loved the guy. I loved the way he came into the news
 conference and didn't mince words (mince words?
