
   
   
      
         
            Citizen or Consumer?
            

            Dear Peggy,

            You, of course, get right to the heart of the matter: A good teacher never
 follows a method to the letter. And if you're the parent of a child who's lucky
 enough to have a good teacher, you rarely find yourself worrying about whether
 the method being employed is traditional or progressive, whether there's enough
 breadth or enough depth. What's more, neither do your fellow parents--even if
 their kids are not at all the kinds of students yours are: Good teachers seem
 to manage to find ways to fit the needs of many different sorts of students in
 the same class. It's during the lousy years with weak teachers that we parents
 suddenly find ourselves being led from our particular complaints to ask bigger
 questions about the whole approach of a school, and being tempted to think in
 unduly polarized terms--as if there was some clear-cut choice between
 constructivist and more teacher-directed learning.

            I suppose an important question to ask, which is not at all the focus of
 Bennett's book but should presumably be part of the debate about curricular
 reform, is what sort of guidance proves most helpful to teachers and most
 conducive to attracting good ones to the profession. Do you, for example, think
 the Core lesson plans could be useful background material for a teacher who
 felt free to take half a year or more to do her own version of what Hirsch
 allotted, say, 13 days to cover? I couldn't tell from my quick peek what the
 quality of the bibliographies was. We all hear constantly that strong
 principals play a large part in creating strong schools, but I was struck that
 Bennett had very little to say about them and their role--except as the last
 resort for disgruntled parents. What do the best of them do to help set a
 school's academic direction? This book has notably little to say about what
 sort of changes could help most to raise the quality of teachers and
 principals, which they evidently consider to be pretty low.
