
   
   
      
         
            Retooling the Sports Scene
            

            Hi Chris--

            Had to laugh at that image you conjured up of Michael Jordan sitting in the
 Washington Wizards locker room by himself, dressed and ready for practice long
 before anyone else on his newly purchased team showed up. There's a bit of a
 geek factor there, isn't there? Something that's not usually associated with
 Jordan, even though he always tells those stories about not being able to get a
 date in high school.

            But I do hope that your characterization of Jordan as the wily veteran who
 takes a wrecking ball to today's "20-something, multi-millionaire, 'What? Me
 practice?' sports world" is what happens. But I wonder. Magic Johnson didn't
 have that impact when he briefly tried coaching the Lakers a few years ago. He
 found many of the players incorrigibly apathetic or self-absorbed. He quit in
 disgust. (Now he's playing in Sweden--honest to God--against whom, I don't
 know. The Flying IKEAs? The Stockholm Saunas? Who? And what do they give away
 at halftime--snow-blowers?) And did you see yesterday that Dennis Rodman said
 he's interested in joining the Dallas Mavericks but, quote, "his calendar is
 booked through this weekend"? Essentially, Rodman would love to join the
 Mavericks but playing those pesky games just gets in the way.

            Clearly, the whole sports scene needs some retooling. The tabloids here in
 New York have dubbed this Sunday's Super Bowl the "Mayflower Bowl" because both
 teams, St. Louis and Tennessee, deserted their original homes. Word just got
 out that Sebastian Janikowski, the pudgy Polish-born kicker at Florida State,
 may be deported if he's convicted of trying to bribe police to get a friend
 released from jail. Even the Olympics, which we both consider the most
 wonderful, stirring, spectacular sports event there is, was tainted by that
 payola scandal last year. Remember? Representatives from the host city wannabes
 were funneling payoffs and jobs to International Olympic Committee voters.
