
   
   
      
         
            Keeping Public Education Vital
            

            Dear Ann,

            How can school systems get and keep excellent teachers? Good question! I do
 think that a good curriculum is part of the answer. And I think the Core
 Curriculum is a good start. From what I've read, Hirsch has sane ideas about
 reading, which is no small thing. I like his emphasis on biographies and
 mythology in the younger grades. He gives an important place to music and art,
 a good idea from my point of view. His curriculum is fairly new and is
 currently used in less than a thousand schools, and I suspect that in time, and
 as more schools adopt the program, the curriculum will evolve. If Hirsch and
 his followers are open-minded, and they seem to be, they will want to
 experiment with variations.

            To Bennett's credit, he has chosen to promote a pretty solid curriculum. He
 could have picked one of the "teacher-proof" regimens that have teachers
 reciting scripted lessons all day long. I understand that many teachers are
 relieved to have such a script, but I am sure that with guidance, most of them
 would be happier using a more open-ended approach. The question is, how to give
 such guidance? Good principals can certainly help. I agree with you that
 Bennett does not draw a satisfactory picture of what a principal's role should
 be.

            By the way, the unions play an important role in attracting good teachers.
 Decent wages and working conditions are not a side issue. I suppose it's not
 surprising that Bennett would be hostile to the unions, considering that the
 unions usually support the Democrats and he is a Republican. But I wish he had
 recognized how many helpful things the unions do, not just in regard to wages
 and working conditions. In New York, the teachers' union runs a program called
 Dial-A-Teacher that answers homework questions in English, Spanish,
 Haitian-Creole, French, Greek, Italian, and Chinese, which is really quite
 useful.
