
   
   
      
         
            These Boots Are Made for Measuring Snowfall
            

            Hey Johnette--

            Oh man, you're going to get me started on those money-grubbing old geezers
 from the IOC, aren't you? Oh well, here goes ...

            I cringe when I hear someone refer to "the Salt Lake City scandal," because,
 while the people from SLC weren't right, the real culprits were the IOC members
 with their hands out, palms up. As you know, I've written at least a half-dozen
 times that Juan Antonio Samaranch should resign. Obviously, he disagrees.

            I can't believe that the sponsors and athletes are letting the IOC get away
 with this recent charade on, ah-hem, reform. Those new gadgets and gimmicks the
 IOC put into place so a scandal like last year's doesn't occur again are so
 much smoke and mirrors. The IOC still runs everything, even its new ethics
 commission. The outside influence is minimal. And yet the sponsors don't scream
 and stomp their feet; they simply want it to go away--and, maybe in our hearts,
 all of us do too. For even as I cover the "reform" package and rant and rave
 about the IOC deception, I say: Get me to Sydney. Get me to the Olympic trials.
 Get me to the athletes, and to their remarkable and emotional stories.

            It's kind of like getting all worked up about what George Pataki is doing if
 you love Doug Flutie and the Buffalo Bills. Pataki is to Flutie what Samaranch
 is to, say, Marion Jones. A bureaucrat, figurehead, political guy. But
 invisible on the field of play. And of no interest to us whatsoever once the
 game or race begins.

            This scandal did produce one of my favorite anecdotes of 1999. The IOC's
 crack investigator of all the bribe-taking and other nonsense was Dick Pound,
 IOC vice president from Canada. One guy who got into big trouble on the
 bribe-front was Phil Coles, an IOC member from Australia. And, I might add, a
 very good friend of Dick Pound's.

            So Pound has to interrogate Coles to find out what he did and, ultimately,
 whether he stays or goes.
