
   
   
      
         
            Jefferson: Declaration of Dependents

            
               USA
 Today leads with last night's Democratic and Republican New Hampshire
 debates, which it describes as "personal and combative." The debates also top
 the Wall Street Journal front-page news box. The
 New York Times goes with an
 exclusive: the belief of American investigators that there are some people (one
 of whom is now in custody in Senegal) who are connected to both Osama Bin Laden
 and to the Algerians arrested late last year apparently in the midst of
 carrying out one or more bomb plots against targets in the U.S. The Washington Post leads with the Labor Department's
 definitive position on the issue of what sort of home work activities must
 comply with federal workplace health and safety regulations, a position taken
 after the Labor Department first said all such activities were covered and then
 later said in effect, never mind. The new rule: Ordinary white-collar work in a
 household is not covered, but hazardous manufacturing work there is. The
 Los Angeles
 Times leads with the latest in the city's mushrooming police scandal:
 The LAPD chief's call for the quick dismissal of the cases against 99 people in
 which the arrests were based on officers' documented illegal activity, ranging
 from lying to unprovoked shooting. At least three of those people are in jail
 right now.

            
               USAT 's lead includes new New Hampshire polling that finds John
 McCain leading George W. Bush 43 percent to 36 percent and Al Gore ahead of
 Bill Bradley 53 percent to 44 percent. The story states the margin of error (4
 percent for the Republicans, 5 percent for the Democrats) but forgets to tell
 the size of the sample. The NYT reports that some pollsters have gotten
 together to form a Polling Review Board that will monitor and discuss the flood
 of political polls expected during the upcoming election season. One focus of
 the organization will be scrutinizing and debunking online polls.
