
   
   
      
         
            Race Ipsa Loquitur

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with the dust-up over the expulsion by
 Iraq of some American members of a weapons inspection team. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with more bad news about the IRS. The New York Times
 metro edition leads with President Clinton stumping in NYC with the Democratic
 mayoral candidate and then in New Jersey with the Democratic gubernatorial
 candidate. The NYT national edition leads with a story you could be
 excused for not worrying about--White House and Congressional plans for
 spending all those future federal budget surpluses. The Times front has
 a truly spectacular color shot of runners in the NYC marathon going over the
 Verrazano-Narrows bridge in the rain.

            Both the USAT and WP accounts of the Iraq situation emphasize
 that congressional Democrats and Republicans and the White House are all on the
 same page: if the U.N. can't negotiate Iraq into reversing itself, then it's
 ass-kicking time. The NYT front-page piece on this quotes the
 explanation proffered for Iraq's behavior by the Australian head of the weapons
 inspection team: namely, that Iraq is probably still in the biological and
 chemical weapons business.

            The LAT lead reports that an IRS internal audit found that the IRS's
 focus on disseminating as much information as possible to taxpayers via phone
 has resulted in serious breaches of confidentiality. A team of the agency's
 auditors operated a sting this year that established that callers could easily
 obtain income data on other taxpayers using only name, address and Social
 Security Number. The auditors tried this in 109 calls and got improper
 information in 96 of them.

            Yesterday the NYT charted its own course and ignored Jiang's oblique
 remark at Harvard about "mistakes" his government has made. But today in its
 front-page piece on what Jiang accomplished with his U.S. trip (a lot: he got
 planes and nuke equipment, and looked good here and back home), the
 Times plays catch up, now likewise seeing the remark as significant.
