
   
   
      
         
            Gore's Hypocrisy; the Punditocracy
            

            ELLEN:

            You lost me on your techno explanation, but my thanks for trying. In your
 opinion, what exactly is the "counterculture" today? If it's Fatboy
 Slim, and the others, and confined to that, I don't see the counterculture.
 Where does today's youth stand on politics, for example? Besides the
 communications breakthrough, what's today's equivalent of the sexual
 revolution, the feminist movement, etc.? Besides the tattoos and piercings,
 which are pretty standard, I don't see much that separates today's 25-year-old
 from today's 45-year-old. Please inform me, with a touch less of Greil
 Marcus.

            I love e-mail too. It's so much more convenient than the phone, when you're
 not sure if someone's in and you trade voice mail. Also, in reporting, if your
 subject is willing, you can reproduce exactly what they've said, on
 record, so there's no dispute on misquotes. Although when I was sifting through
 some storage at Moishe's in Long Island City last week, I came across a trunk
 full of letters from college and high-school days. It's a cliche, but
 when was the last time you got a real letter? I know I never write them
 anymore. They're relics now, and will make for fascinating reading in future
 generations.

            On Page 12 of today's New York Post there's a priceless photo of Rudy
 Giuliani at Saratoga. He's wearing shades, with a too-wide tie, grinning, with
 a flack by his side, looking for all the world like a don out of the opening
 scene in Godfather II , when Michael Corleone coughs up some dough for
 the state of Nevada and then has that immortal conversation with the shady
 senator.

            I don't agree with your point yesterday that Gore himself is messing up his
 campaign. Yes, he's made a lot of dumb moves and gaffes and is spending money
 like Steve Forbes. And hiring Carter Eskew was positively Clintonian: After
 moving all those union delegates to tears with his speech about his sister in
 '96, it was an unbelievably hypocritical hire.
