
   
   
      
         
            What's Your Op-Ed IQ?

            
               Questions are derived from the op-ed pages of Jan. 27, 2000. Be sure not
 to click on links till after you answer all of them:
            

            1. Which of these passages was written by Edmund
 Morris, and which was written by George Will?

            

               A. "In popular imagination, this has always been a white city: block after
 block of pale marble buildings that glow even whiter at night, when the
 floodlights come into play. Under snow, its classical shapes--domes and
 pediments, octagons and pyramids--are linked in a geometry that remains
 generally pure, thanks to the speed with which government shuts down at the
 first sight of falling flakes."

               B. "The poet Swinburne insisted that even the weariest river winds somewhere
 safe to sea. The same cannot be said of today's presidential candidacies. All
 but two of which will soon end, in an atmosphere out of Poe."

            

            2. What adjective does Albert
 R. Hunt use to describe Mike Murphy, John McCain's media adviser?

            

               A. "energetic"
 B. "shrewd"
 C. "irrepressible"
 D. "seasoned"
 E. "smart"

            

            3. Richard Stearns, "president of the U.S. Offices of World Vision, an
 International Christian Humanitarian Organization," has an op-ed in today's Los Angeles Times pegged to what
 event:

            

               A. The State of the Union address
 B. The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland
 C. The U.N. Security Council's choice of Hans Blix as Iraqi weapons
 inspector
 D. The announcement of Academy Award nominees
 E. A planned anti-Milosevic rally in Tarzana

            

            4. Fill in the blank from Ellen Goodman:

            "If all we do is save a species for display, then the panda bear will become
 nothing but _________ from an extinct world. But, says Lindburg, 'if you
 protect the panda, you're protecting the golden monkey, the monal pheasants,
 the takins.
