
   
   
      
         
            Weekend Cocktail Chatter
            

            Alan Greenspan appeared Wednesday in front of the Senate committee that's
 voting on his renomination as Fed chair, and he turned in a bravura
 performance. Of course, it's probably easier to turn in bravura performances
 when you know that everyone in the room listening to you believes that you are
 a true Zen master. Nonetheless, Greenspan was surprisingly interesting on
 subjects like European hostility to genetically modified food and the
 persistent anxiety that many American workers feel in the face of technological
 change. He also remained definitively non-committal on the question of where,
 exactly, we are on the curve of that technological change, keeping open the
 possibility that there may still be many years ahead of rapid economic growth
 propelled by rapid improvements in productivity.

            Of course, as always when Greenspan appears before Congress, it was fun to
 watch the senators try to make their own dubious economic views appear to be
 harmonious with the Fed chair's. But Greenspan's labyrinthine speaking style
 serves him well in those situations. He can begin with "Well, yes, Senator" and
 end with an effective "so, actually, no," without ever making anyone look bad.
 Which is, perhaps, one definition of a Zen master.

            1. "Philip Morris announced that in the last quarter, its earnings missed
 estimates and its revenue grew just 2 percent . So you have a company that
 will have to pay the government billions for the foreseeable future, that
 gets dragged into court (and sometimes loses) every week , and that keeps
 seeing the price of its key product rise because of taxes, and that's
 making less money than expected. It's all The Insider 's fault, no
 doubt."

            2. "Business Week reported that among the myriad class-action
 lawsuits filed against Microsoft in the wake of Judge Jackson's finding is
 a brief claiming that Microsoft's principal place of business is Texas and
 another describing Microsoft as a supplier of 'generic drugs.
