
   
   
      
         
            Bradley in a Box

            A couple of months ago, I described Al Gore's attempt to create a
 lose-lose situation for Bill Bradley. Through the use of relentless, often
 unfair attacks, Gore and his staff thought they could trap Bradley between a
 rock and hard place. If Bradley remained on the high road, emphasizing his
 positive message and ignoring the vice president's hectoring, the unanswered
 criticism would damage him. But if, on the other hand, Bradley responded to
 Gore in kind, he would be descending to his opponent's level, dispelling his
 aura of moral superiority in the process.

            Gore's tactic has worked perfectly. During the past several months, Bradley
 has remained Buddha-like on his mountaintop, dismissing Gore's attacks as
 politics-as-usual, but not criticizing his opponent directly or even answering
 most of his complaints. The result has been ebbing momentum for the challenger.
 Bradley has suffered from both Gore's specific charges--such as the distortion
 that he opposed flood relief for Iowa farmers--and from the general sense that
 he is a Michael Dukakis- or Paul Tsongas-type of political victim. As if to
 underscore the unhelpful
 comparison with Tsongas , the Bradley campaign has been running
 30-second TV ads in which Niki Tsongas, Paul's widow, says that Bradley is
 falling prey to the kind of smear that undermined her husband in 1992.

            So with Plan A plainly failing, Bradley has finally switched at to Plan B.
 His own revised strategy was on view in last night's WMUR/CNN debate, in which
 Bradley pointedly went after Gore in a way he has not done previously. Bradley
 repeatedly called Gore a liar (though he only used the actual l-word after the
 debate), sneakily compared him to Richard Nixon and Rudy Giuliani, blasted him
 for pandering to every special interest group under the sun, and wondered how
 Gore would muster enough public credibility to serve as president if elected.
 "And my question to you is, why should we believe you that you will tell the
 truth as president if you don't tell the truth as a candidate?
