
   
   
      
         
            Affirmative Negation

            The Supreme Court's decision Monday to let California's anti-affirmative
 action Proposition 209 stand leads at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post and the Los Angeles
 Times . The New York Times
 leads with the emerging Republican congressional campaign against Clinton
 administration small-scale health care reform--and sticks the 209 victory deep
 inside, on p.13 of the national edition.

            The LAT says the 209 decision "marks a major victory for the
 champions of a new colorblind standard for government." The three papers
 leading with 209 all make it clear that the decision will probably spur
 209-style laws in many states. And the LAT mentions that the House
 Judiciary Committee will consider a federal version later this week. The three
 also point out that although this Court decision was probably the watershed,
 there might well be other eventual appeals based on cases where plaintiffs
 allege actual harm as a result of the law. The WP mentions another
 factor that could lead to further legal challenge: 209 bans "preferential
 treatment" but does not define it. So look for cases that, for example, claim
 that 209 doesn't prohibit preference-based recruiting for programs with
 color-blind internal standards.

            The NYT health care lead states that the same business and insurance
 lobbyists who teamed up to help kill health care reform in 1994 are mobilizing
 to block the more modest, piecemeal federal quality-of-care proposals--like
 mandated-length hospital stays for certain procedures and government standards
 for health plans--that the Clinton administration has subsequently endorsed.
 The paper reports that Senate Republican leaders recently organized
 anti-Clinton strategy briefings. The Times also notes an interesting
 split within the Republican constituency concerning this issue: Many doctors,
 convinced that managed care companies have cut into their autonomy and their
 incomes, are in favor of many of the Clinton provisions reigning them in.
