
   
   
      
         
            Bush Knows What "Regatta" Means!

            My first reaction on learning Bill
 Bradley's verbal SAT score--485--was, "Gee, that's pretty low." My second
 reaction was that this proves that the SATs, at least back in the '60s, really
 were culturally biased. I've interviewed Bradley (as part of a group of
 reporters) a couple of times--he seems like a smart guy with a lively sense of
 Washington's absurdity. If, as an achiever from a small town in Missouri, he
 scored lower than George W. Bush did as an unfocused rich
 Connecticut/Texas/Maine WASP, it shows how skewed the tests were in favor of
 rich WASPs. ...

            My third reaction was, "Gee, that's pretty low." ...

            
               Where Are the "
               Minutes of
 the Media Conspiracy
               " When You Need Them? It's been obvious that
 the press has doing its best to give Bradley a boost in New Hampshire. ("Former
 Senator Bill Bradley was a candidate transformed today, stumping with renewed
 vigor ..."--James Dao, New York Times .) Reporters needed a new story
 line--the "New Gore" story having been done to death. "Bradley Battles Back" is
 the story they've wanted desperately to write. ... More important, we
 journalists are terrified the Democratic primary campaign might actually end
 next Tuesday, stopping all the fun and giving us half as much to cover in the
 next six months. We signed up for a race , dammit! If Bradley fails to
 give it to us, as looks likely, the reaction against him by reporters will be
 vicious. Don't expect Bradley to get the usual "He Raised Important Issues"
 campaign eulogy. ...

            
               Who Speaks for the Paranoid Center? The appearance of the New Gore
 suggests he may do to Bush what he's doing to Bradley--methodically chew him
 up. And it's hard to believe that if Gore wins the presidency the Democrats
 won't pick up at least six seats in the House. So there's now the distinct
 possibility, maybe even probability, that my own chosen party will control both
 the House and White House.
