
   
   
      
         
            He Could Not Tell a Lie

            The Washington Post and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with new Commerce Department indicators on the economy's
 1999 performance. The good news: growth remains impressive. The bad news:
 long-awaited signs of inflation have finally materialized, and the markets know
 it. The New York Times tucks the story inside, and leads
 instead with the latest glitches in implementing the Northern Ireland peace
 deal.

            The papers' stories on the economic reports are virtually identical. The
 U.S. economy grew 4% as a whole in 1999, but in the final quarter of the year,
 wage and benefits costs to US businesses swelled by a higher-than-expected
 1.1%. With interest rate hikes a foregone conclusion, the Dow dropped 2.6% and
 the Nasdaq slid 3.77% on Friday. Analysts are predicting the Fed's 5.5% target
 for overnight interest rates to climb by as much as a half point. The
 prognosticators almost sound relieved to finally touch and feel the signs of
 inflation they've been expecting for months. "It's as if there's been a murder,
 and we still don't have the body, but now bits of DNA evidence are starting to
 come in," one economist tells the LAT .

            The NYT reports that the Irish Republican Army will miss its crucial
 Monday deadline for beginning to disarm. An impasse on disarmament could
 paralyze the two-month-old power-sharing government in Belfast and may
 ultimately spur the UK to re-impose direct rule. The piece does not speculate
 on what's holding the IRA back: internal dissent, desire to alter the details
 of the signed agreement, or sheer bad faith.

            In a striking contrast to today's reports about American prosperity, a
 NYT front-pager says that Japan has resorted to borrowing directly from
 local banks to repay its debts. Countries in debt usually prefer raising bonds,
 which are cheaper to finance than regular loans, but Japan seems skittish about
 issuing new bonds, which could upset its bond market or provoke scrutiny from
 credit companies.
