
   
   
      
         
            Let's MIG a Deal

            Election '97 leads at USA Today , and the major local races lead at the New York Times
 and the Washington Post . The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a Supreme Court decision that could lead to cheaper
 consumer goods. The political races that get most of the ink are Rudolf
 Giuliani's big win in New York City and Governor Christie Todd Whitman's close
 call in New Jersey. USAT describes Whitman as "once considered a future
 presidential candidate"--an odd appellation since pulling out a second term
 over a strong challenger would seem to enhance her prospects. The paper says
 Giuliani was being rewarded for presiding over his city's 44 percent crime
 drop.

            The WP 's top national story is that President Clinton's nomination of
 Bill Lann Lee to the Department of Justice's top civil rights job is in bad
 shape. Senate Republican leaders are feeling their oats over yesterday's
 Supreme Court decision letting Proposition 209 stand and are suggesting that
 Lee and any other future nominees to the post will face a tough new standard on
 affirmative action.

            The NYT 's top national story is what it calls "one of the most
 important antitrust decisions in years," the Supreme Court's unanimous ruling
 on Tuesday that a manufacturer or supplier does not automatically violate
 antitrust statutes by placing a ceiling on the retail price that may be charged
 for its products. The paper, which filed a brief in the case supporting price
 caps, notes that it's widely believed the decision will lead to lower consumer
 prices.

            The LAT lead story on this decision includes the provenance of a
 common ad phrase: "offer good at participating stores only." Prior to
 yesterday, the paper explains, this rider was required because independent
 sellers could not be forced to charge the price in question. USAT also
 carries the price cap story on its front, while the Wall Street Journal includes it in its front-page business
 and finance news box.
