
   
   
      
         
            The Check is in the Tail

            
               USA
 Today leads with the chief U.N. weapons inspector's suspicions that
 Iraq has been tampering with his surveillance cameras in his team's absence.
 The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the House's resounding passage of an IRS
 reform bill. The Washington Post leads with the meaning of Tuesday's
 elections. The New York Times
 metro edition leads with the meaning of Rudy Giuliani's election, while the
 paper's national lead is the soon-to-be-announced decision by major mail-order
 companies to start collecting sales tax from their out-of-state customers.

            The upshot of the camera tampering, according to USAT , is that the
 team leader can't verify that Iraq is not currently producing weapons of mass
 destruction. The WP has this story on its front page too.

            The LAT IRS lead calls the reform bill's passage by a 426-4 margin a
 "spectacular display of bipartisanship" created by last month's Senate hearings
 on IRS mismanagement and taxpayer abuse. The paper points out that the bill,
 which includes such taxpayer protections as shifting the burden of proof to the
 government in tax disputes and the creation of a civilian oversight board, will
 likely be even further strengthened by the Senate. IRS reform is on the
 NYT front and in the "world-wide news" box on the Wall Street Journal front, but inside at the WP .

            A WSJ front-page piece makes the point that while political debate
 about the IRS portrays it as abusing taxpayers, in the world of corporate
 finance, it's the IRS that's the underdog, waging a constant war against a
 stream of ingenious and complicated new tax dodges.

            The Post concludes that yesterday's Republican victories were mostly
 due to lavish financing, widespread social conservatism among voters, and an
 unwillingness, bred of the healthy economy, to dump incumbents. In light of all
 this, says the paper, Democrats are viewing the goals of recapturing the House
 and gaining parity in governorships as more difficult than ever.
