
   
   
      
         
            The Poverty of Electoral Politics
            

            A difference between you and me that transcends right vs. left is that you
 take electoral politics more seriously than I. Democrats vs. Republicans is a
 politics of small differences at this point. The country is basically being run
 by global corporations that, aside from their direct economic influence on who
 gets elected and what they do when they get elected (a large aside), control
 economic policy by essentially saying to politicians on all levels, federal,
 state, and local, give us fiscal austerity, low taxes, and less regulation or
 we a) will take our jobs elsewhere and b) won't lend you money. In general I
 prefer Democrats because they're not beholden to the Christian right and the
 anti-abortion movement, they're less likely to make totally Neanderthal court
 appointments, etc. But even on social issues, there's more convergence than
 not. Clinton is one of the more anti-civil-libertarian presidents in modern
 history. Both parties support the drug war and its attendant police-state
 apparatus--no-knock raids, forfeiture of property of people who haven't been
 convicted of anything, Draconian sentences, peeing on command as a requirement
 for getting or holding jobs, etc.--the latest thing is they want to inflict on
 Florida a genetically engineered fungus that's supposed to kill marijuana
 plants, although no one can guarantee it won't be an ecological disaster; these
 people are crazy! Both parties want to censor the media. The don't-ask,
 don't-tell approach to gays in the military has only encouraged sexual witch
 hunts. Then there's welfare reform, whose two basic assumptions are that
 endless work at wages too meager to live on is morally uplifting and that
 single mothers are causing all of society's problems.

            The bottom line (probably not my best metaphor in this context) is the
 success of the corporate elite and free-market ideologues in pushing the "end
 of history" idea--that in a post-Communist world there is no alternative to our
 present economic and social system, like it or not.
