
   
   
      
         
            Bush Beats Clinton

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Clinton administration's stern words to Iraq. Both
 the Los
 Angeles Times and the New York Times
 go with President Clinton's last-ditch attempt to generate support for the
 fast-track trade authority bill. The Washington Post leads with the Democrats' attempt to
 salvage the nomination of Bill Lann Lee for Justice's top civil rights
 enforcement job.

            
               USAT reports that the administration warned Iraq on Thursday that it
 could face military action or economic sanctions if it continues to keep U.N.
 inspection teams out of its facilities. Secretary of Defense William Cohen is
 quoted as saying "sufficient warnings have been given." And the paper reports
 that an American aircraft carrier canceled a port call so as to be able to stay
 within striking range of Iraq.

            The NYT describes Clinton's Thursday night television appeal for
 support of the trade bill as "extraordinary." The paper reports that the vote
 count was looking so unfavorable that the president cut short his trip to the
 opening of the Bush presidential library in Texas--where he got a ringing
 endorsement for the bill from George Bush--so he could return to work the
 phones to lobby members of Congress. The LAT says the bill is hanging
 "by a thread" on the eve of the House vote.

            According to the WP , the Clinton administration is also staring at
 defeat with the Lee nomination. Lee has, says the paper, faced no serious
 questions about his credentials, but in the past week has become a lightening
 rod for congressional Republicans and conservative activists, who have taken to
 portraying him as an unabashed advocate for race preferences

            The WP runs a front-page zinger detailing all the free travel
 congress members and their spouses have been copping lately. These pieces have
 long been a newspaper staple, but the news is that, in the Post 's words,
 "In an era when congressional gift rules have all but eliminated the free
 lunch, the free round of golf and the free night on the town, congressional
 travel is the last great perk.
