
   
   
      
         
            Still Sleazy After All These Years

            The showdown congressional vote today on fast track trade authority is the
 lead all around. The New York
 Times says neither side has the upper hand. The Los Angeles
 Times says the vote will be a "cliffhanger." The Washington Post is more pessimistic, saying that pro forces
 have "hit a brick wall in their attempts to muster the votes." The Times
 notes the strange alliances forged by the bill, such as Clinton supporters Dick
 Armey and a former Bush White House lobbyist, not to mention Newt Gingrich.

            The Times points out that many anti Democrats are mad at Clinton for
 his comment earlier this week suggesting that they were putting personal needs
 before the country's (and the paper implies that eventual presidential
 candidate Al Gore may ultimately pay the price for all this bad feeling). And
 yet much of the reportage describes how, at the eleventh hour, the White House
 is striving to meet those needs. Votes are being promised to the administration
 in return for pledges of campaign funds, and for assurances about vintners' and
 tobacco farmers' and peanut and citrus growers' rights, and those of cattle
 ranchers too. The Post notes a signal drawback of all this attention
 going to the last-minute pole sitters: those who took a stand early are pissed.
 "I should have held out for $1billion for wetlands restoration," says one such
 congressman.

            Even though the run-up to the fast-track vote probably should be the lead
 today, the story fits a recent LAT trend that's worth noting: on
 Sundays, the paper has a weakness for leads straight out of the president's
 Saturday radio address, no matter how un-gripping the topic. No doubt because
 that sure simplifies the Saturday reporting--just turn on the radio and
 type.

            Just wondering: Why didn't Bill Clinton's speech to a gay group--the first
 ever by a president--get on anybody's front page? (The WP puts it on p.
 A18.)

            Seymour Hersh's about-to-be-released book on John Kennedy gets plenty of
 ink: front page at the LAT , a front-page "reefer" to a piece inside at
 the NYT , and a long inside piece at the WP .
