
   
   
      
         
            Iraq and Roll Call

            The Washington Post leads with U.S./U.N. reactions to the
 continuing Iraq stand-off. USA Today and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with congressional fast-track maneuvering. And the New York Times
 goes with the announcement of a Pentagon job cut.

            According to the WP , President Clinton is urging the U.N. to put
 enough pressure on Iraq to compel Saddam Hussein to give internal access once
 again to the U.N. weapons inspection teams. The Post says that Clinton
 is especially focused on getting France, Russia and Arab states to stay firm.
 Meanwhile, says the paper, Hussein made a statement on Iraqi television that
 appeared to be bucking up his countrymen to continue the impasse.

            The WP says Clinton is proceeding on two fronts. One, he is making it
 clear that military options are not off the table--"We will not," he said
 yesterday, referring to Hussein's vow to shoot down U.S.-piloted U.N.
 surveillance U-2s, "tolerate his efforts to murder our pilots." And two, trying
 to ensure that the U.N. maintains a united front against Iraq.

            
               USAT and the LAT both report that the fast-track roll call
 will probably take place early Monday morning, and that Clinton seemed unable
 to persuade enough House Democrats to vote his way and so the emphasis has
 turned towards the hunt for Republican votes. The LAT says Republican
 leaders predict the bill will pass.

            You have to sympathize a bit with the situation the dailies are in with
 fast-track. Fascinated by the bill's strange bedfellow coalition of supporters
 and convinced that a dramatic vote was imminent, the papers started hitching
 their leads to the vote in the middle of last week, which meant that as the
 vote kept not materializing, the papers were stuck in bed with a story that
 wouldn't undress and was ugly anyway. But the majors didn't help themselves out
 much--they could have been doing much more substantive reporting from the
 outset about what sorts of trade agreements fast-track authority was likely to
 spawn.
