
   
   
      
         
            Au My!

            The au pair reversal of fortune leads USA
 Today --and takes lot of prime front-page space elsewhere. MCI's
 decision to accept WorldCom's merger bid leads at the Wall Street Journal , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles
 Times . The New York Times
 goes with President Clinton's retreat on fast track.

            The USAT front features, besides the lead, a big picture of a smiling
 Louise Woodward and a cover story on the discretionary powers of judges. The
 WP front runs the same picture and another of Brits cheering the news.
 The NYT runs an almost-cherubic picture of Woodward in court and an
 editorial praising the judge's action, under the headline "Justice Restored."
 The LAT looks out of touch playing the story below the fold, below
 Jeffrey Katzenberg's Disney settlement. (Wonder what his au pair pulls down a
 week.)

            Both the NYT and the WP are struck by the difference between
 Woodward's hysterical reaction to the original verdict and her poker-faced
 demeanor yesterday. In general the discussion of the legalities is informative,
 but there could have been a bit more in the coverage about the nature of the
 "malice" that the judge found crucially missing. In the relevant legal sense,
 it's not ill will, nor even necessarily an intention to do harm, and it doesn't
 have to be expressed or a conscious state of mind. It's weaker: it's doing
 something in disregard of the fact that it's likely to be harmful. The upshot
 is that the absence of malice in the case is less obvious than ordinary
 language would suggest.

            The NYT lead on the fast track fizzle calls it the most severe
 legislative setback for Clinton since his national health care plan died, and
 the paper reports that many on Capitol Hill are saying that it marks the
 beginning of Clinton's lame-duck status. George Stephanopoulos says as much to
 the WSJ : "The last three years are going to be largely a rhetorical
 presidency.
