
   
   
      
         
            Four Gone Conclusion

            
               USA
 Today leads with the rebuke to Iraq likely to come from the U.N., which
 is also the top national story at the Los Angeles
 Times . The New York Times
 leads with Kodak's decision to cut 10,000 jobs, the biggest layoff at any
 American company this year. The company has been hurt by continued unimpressive
 digital camera sales. A late-breaking story, which likely will dominate
 everybody's later editions, the gunning down of four Americans in Karachi,
 Pakistan this morning, leads at the early edition of the Washington Post available to "Today's Papers" prior to the
 column deadline.

            The Post says the Karachi police believe the shootings may have been
 carried out by an extremist group in retaliation for Monday's conviction in
 Virginia of a Pakistani national in the CIA murders case. The four victims,
 reports the paper, worked as auditors for Union Texas Petroleum Co.

            
               USAT reports that the U.S. appears to have accepted a milder U.N.
 resolution against Iraq than it originally hoped for, largely because France
 and Russia wouldn't go for stronger language. Instead of threatening "serious
 consequences" if Iraq doesn't cease its interference with the operations of
 U.N. weapons inspection teams, it merely refers to possible "further measures."
 The resolution, which could come up for a U.N. Security Council vote today,
 also imposes a foreign travel ban on culpable Iraqi officials. The LAT ,
 in its front-page piece, has this too but adds the detail that, at the
 insistence of Egypt, the U.S. has also accepted language in the resolution
 affirming the territorial integrity and independence of Iraq. USAT notes
 these indicators of U.S. military preparations: the crew of the aircraft
 carrier Nimitz, stationed in the Persian Gulf, is on "high alert," and both
 Defense Secretary Cohen and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs canceled overseas
 trips.
