
   
   
      
         
            Terrorists with Real Convictions

            Arab terrorism dominates the front pages. The Washington Post and
 New York Times lead with the conviction of the chief planner and the
 bomb van driver in the World Trade Center bombing case. (The Los Angeles
 Times puts the story on the front, but below the fold.) The USA
 Today lead about this story emphasizes the concerns of U.S. officials that
 the verdict could lead to more terrorism against Americans, especially in light
 of yesterday's murders in Pakistan. The LAT leads with an exclusive:
 that a "rogue operation" of officials within the ATF accelerated the approval
 of import permits for 150,000 modified assault weapons so that the guns could
 be sold legally, despite the officials' full awareness of President Clinton's
 clear intent to keep such guns out of the country. The paper says that the
 White House is "livid" about this and that one White House official was so
 irate "he put his hands around the neck of an ATF agent." (Given all the
 reporting of his famous temper, don't you think that's Clinton?)

            The USAT lead states that the judge in the CIA murders trial has
 ordered the jury sequestered while it completes the case's penalty phase. The
 WP has this in a separate front-page story that includes this added
 detail: the jurors, after voting to convict in the case, sent the judge a note
 inquiring about dangers to them, and the judge then ordered the jurors' names
 sealed.

            The NYT has its first mention of the Pakistan shootings on today's
 front. Despite recently instituting later deadlines, the Times couldn't get the
 story into yesterday's paper (unlike USAT and the WP ).

            The Wall Street Journal runs a front-page feature about how, after
 years of depending on the American defense umbrella, many Asian nations are now
 rearming themselves--at nearly double 1990 spending rates. The main reason,
 says the Journal, is that they aren't convinced that the 100,000 U.
