
   
   
      
         
            Take That, You IMFers

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with the continuing Iraq crisis. The
 New York Times
 leads with the House's vote to defeat President Clinton's plan to pay off the
 U.S. debt to the U.N. and to make extra contributions to the IMF. The Washington Post leads with the news that the FBI overlooked
 evidence it had collected of China's attempts to influence domestic
 politics.

            What happened in Iraq is that Saddam Hussein ousted the six Americans on the
 U.N. weapons inspection team, and the team's leader responded by pulling nearly
 all of his multi-national team out of the country. The LAT headline is
 about the ouster, the USAT headline is about the pull-out.

            The NYT lead is about how Newt Gingrich struck the UN and IMF
 fundings from a bill to hold them hostage until conservative members can get
 progress on an unrelated issue--tightening further the current rules against
 abortion-related uses of federal money. The Times points out that this
 non-action could hamstring U.S. efforts to forge a strong U.N. agreement on
 action against Iraq, and could hurt the IMF's attempts to contain the Asian
 economic crisis. Clinton press spokesman Mike McCurry is quoted in the
 NYT and WP (which carries the story inside) as calling the
 congressional action "boneheaded."

            The Post lead is another water molecule in Bob Woodward's drip-drip
 campaign against the Dept. of Justice's campaign fund-raising investigation.
 Today's installment is that the FBI has admitted overlooking evidence about
 China's domestic political lobbying until the Thompson hearings had already
 shut down. The evidence even includes, says the WP , indications that the
 Chinese CIA boasted that it had thwarted the congressional inquiry.

            The story reports that Janet Reno was "livid" when she learned of the FBI
 foul-up. Note that this has become an essential politico-journalistic routine:
 a political figure's organization screws up and the press reports how angry
 he/she was about it.
