
   
   
      
         
            Saddam Masochism

            The Washington Post , USA Today ,
 and New York Times
 all lead with the Iraq situation. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with the latest changes in the operations of the Colombian
 drug cartels, which nowadays do business with the Russian mafia, and avoid
 giving a big cut to Mexican distributors by relying more on "mules" coming
 directly to the U.S. and less on Mexican ships. This change is possible, says
 the LAT , because the Colombian trade has shifted towards heroin, which
 is nine times more valuable by weight than cocaine, and hence needn't be
 shipped in the same quantities.

            
               USAT reports that the White House is seeking to broaden support for
 military action against Iraq. The NYT emphasizes diplomacy too, stating
 that Iraq on Sunday sent signals it did not want a military confrontation with
 the U.S., and that the U.S. had persuaded Russia to have a go at pressing
 Hussein diplomatically to back down. The Times refers to an official
 Iraqi dispatch stating that Saddam is not seeking a confrontation with the U.S.
 The paper also quotes a senior American official saying, "When we feel we've
 exhausted all diplomatic options, you'll know it."

            Many of the same diplomatic details are mentioned in the WP story,
 but it instead emphasizes the Clinton administration's making the case for
 military action by graphically depicting the Iraqi threat, quoting senior
 officials talking about the amount of anthrax and nerve gas Hussein has. The
 USAT has some of this too, but puts it at the bottom and doesn't
 headline it.

            Both the NYT and the LAT have the same front-page picture of
 mega-hatted Madeleine Albright--who spent Sunday shuttling between Arab
 countries trying to drum up anti-Hussein support. Apparently, now whenever
 she's in the Middle East, she carries a complete anti-chemical, anti-biological
 warfare system on top of her head.

            The LAT , NYT , and USAT each carry front-page stories
 about just-released Chinese dissident Wei Jingshang, now hospitalized in
 Detroit.
