
   
   
      
         
            Union Guise--and Dolls

            The decision by a federal monitor to keep Teamsters president Ron Carey from
 running for re-election leads at the Washington Post , USA Today ,
 and the Wall Street Journal . The terrorist attack on tourists in
 Egypt leads at the New York Times .
 The Los
 Angeles Times goes with a federal court decision that ensures that next
 year Californians will be able to vote across party lines in primary elections.
 A party official is quoted as saying that such open primaries are like "letting
 UCLA's football team choose USC's head coach."

            Carey was barred, say the papers, because he misused his power by tolerating
 and engaging in various laundering schemes to funnel money from his union's
 general fund to his own election effort. How much money? USAT says
 "$735,000." The WP agrees with that total in one place but elsewhere
 says "nearly $1 million." (If the Post is rounding up, it should have
 said "nearly three-quarters of a million dollars.") The Post says the
 ruling is a major blow to organized labor's recent resurgence, and runs a
 companion piece elaborating this point. Oddly, the main piece doesn't mention
 the high-water mark of that resurgence--Carey's leadership of his union in last
 summer's UPS strike--while the companion piece relegates it to the twelfth
 paragraph.

            The WP , NYT , and LAT report that the Clinton
 administration is quietly trying to negotiate with Saddam Hussein by offering
 to loosen the current constraints on what he can buy with his oil proceeds if
 he will let the UN inspection team back in. But death flashes in the region
 anyway. The NYT says that at least 70 people, mostly foreign tourists,
 were killed yesterday outside an ancient temple in an attack by Islamic
 militants, who have for five years been trying to overthrow the moderate
 Mubarak government. Most of the papers say that there were six shooters and
 that they were all killed by Egyptian forces.
