
   
   
      
         
            Hit Video

            Russia's attempt to resolve the Iraq crisis via diplomacy leads at the
 Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times , and USA Today . A big bank merger leads at the New York
 Times .

            Russia's foreign minister met in Moscow, say the papers, with the Iraqi
 Deputy Premier and emerged to say that Russia has "a program" to resolve the UN
 showdown with Iraq that will allow weapons inspectors to return to their work
 there. U.S. officials, according to the WP , are keeping their distance
 from the Russian demarche while sending more warplanes to the Persian Gulf.
 What's in it for Russia? Well, there's superpower envy, of course, but also,
 the Post suggests, Russia would like Iraq to be in a position to pay
 back some of the millions it still owes from years of military sponsorship, and
 Moscow is also interested in developing some of Iraq's oil resources.

            Lest anyone lose sight of what this is all about, the LAT states that
 Saddam "has enough chemical and biological weapons to wipe out infantry
 divisions, if not whole cities." (Note to editors: when you refer to a
 division, say how many people that is--somewhere between 10,000 and 20,000.
 Most readers haven't been in the army and don't know.) And a NYT op-ed
 piece tells a likewise cautionary tale about nukes, saying that Iraq has
 arrived at a Scud-launchable atomic bomb design and that to make it work,
 Saddam only needs 35 pounds of enriched uranium.

            The NYT lead throbs over the imminent convergence of First Union
 Corp. and Corestates Financial Corp. The $17.1 billion transaction, would,
 notes the Times , be the biggest bank deal ever. And, the paper adds, it
 would leave Philadelphia, "the nation's first banking capital, without a major
 bank that calls it home." The bathos of this sentence and the placement of the
 story--a lead nobody else but the WSJ even has on the front page--is a
 reminder of the penchant the Times has for overplaying money.

            In its "talker" position across the top front, USAT puts the news
 that the FBI held a press conference yesterday in which it explained at length
 why it does not believe the crash of TWA 800 involved a crime.
