
   
   
      
         
            From Disco to Hip-Hop
            

            Dear Chris,

            Hmm ... Feedbag for Morons. Isn't that a Dead Kennedys album? I don't know,
 maybe the great, big, arena-rocking songs are masses-opiating tools of social
 control, but I really can't believe that everything in the pop
 marketplace is just numbly imbibed by a passive audience. (Also, isn't pinning
 today's celebrity culture on rock letting the tabloids, glossies, talk shows,
 Hollywood, etc., etc., off a bit easy? Maybe Elvis was the first modern
 superstar--riding the emergent nexus of TV, film, and records to a new level of
 global acclaim--but I hardly blame American Bandstand for O.J. and
 Princess Di.)

            As someone who routinely got his head pounded into school lockers by Led
 Zeppelin fans, I'm pretty aware of rock's role in fostering unthinking
 conformism. Still, I think Miller's somewhat overheated "Dionysian" riff does
 make an important point: that even a music with the crassest commercial aims
 can have liberating, transformative effects in the world.

            At least on other musicians. Had you heard Miller's anecdote about Dylan
 mishearing the Beatles before? I really liked that one, where he thought the
 line "I can't hide, I can't hide" was "I get high, I get high," and concluded
 it was a "song about dope." Not exactly Das Kapital , I realize, but the
 tale is suggestive of rock's power as charged, volatile, as they say, "open
 text." If Dylan's ears weren't caught up by the Beatles' sound first, he
 never would have imbued the song with such possibilities--which I have to
 believe were pretty subversive back in 1964.

            Whether or not rock still has such possibilities depends, I think, on your
 definitions of "rock." One thing that makes a popular music rock , as a
 verb, is its ability to take private but common feelings and put them into a
 shared public language. This phenomenon gets more interesting as the culture
 splinters and technology creates new languages--which is one of my main
 problems with Miller's critique.
