
   
   
      
         
            Diaper Rashness

            The possibility that Iraq will back off its attempt to prevent or modify
 weapons inspections leads USA Today , the New York Times ,
 and the Los Angeles Times . The Washington Post leads with the news that President Clinton
 will endorse a patient's rights bill.

            The Iraq story took a big turn late in the news cycle, when early this
 morning a Geneva meeting of foreign ministers, including Madeleine Albright,
 was told by a Russian diplomat that the Iraqis had relented. The papers report
 Albright's reaction: "I will believe it when I see it." The NYT states
 that if Saddam Hussein does indeed back down, it will represent an
 important victory for American and Russian diplomacy. But only the LAT seems to notice what Hussein might have accomplished in
 his three uninspected weeks: the production of "350 liters--about 92
 gallons--of anthrax a week. That's enough to fill two missile warheads or four
 bombs."

            The Post reports that Clinton intends to call on all U.S. health insurers to adopt
 standards , endorsed yesterday by a presidential commission, for easier
 patient access to treatment, better health care information flow and improved
 appeals procedures. (The NYT broke the story of the commission's
 recommendations several weeks ago.) The WP says Clinton's call is his
 largest and most controversial foray into health care since the defeat of his
 reform plan three years ago. And as with that plan, the paper notes, there will
 be much discussion about the cost of these new rights.

            The live births of those septuplets in Iowa grabs a lot of front-page space.
 And uncomplicated boosterism suffuses most of the coverage. The LAT
 reports the event under the headline "Oh, Baby!" and displays
 their names and birth weights inside drawings of baby booties. The WP
 waits until the thirteenth paragraph of its story to mention the fertility drugs involved and that such
 drugs are frowned upon by many doctors.
