
   
   
      
         
            Babes and Arms

            The apparent break in the Iraq crisis leads at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post , the New York Times ,
 and the Los Angeles Times . Inspectors have gotten clearance to go
 back in, and, the papers report, a 77-member team including an unspecified
 number of Americans is scheduled to be on the ground in Iraq by the weekend.
 However, the U.S. is taking a wait-and-see attitude, and so extra air and naval
 forces are still heading to the Persian Gulf. Concerning Saddam Hussein,
 President Clinton is quoted in all the dailies as saying, "In the coming days
 we will wait and see whether he does, in fact, comply with the will of the
 international community."

            The NYT reports that a French diplomat explained Hussein's turnaround
 by suggesting that the Americans "bent a little." Similarly, the paper reports,
 some Iraqi officials said Saddam agreed to renewed inspections because Russia
 had guaranteed it easier inspection procedures, such as changing the
 composition of the UN teams and limiting U-2 surveillance flights. (The
 WP attributes such a sentiment to the Iraqi deputy prime minister.) U.S.
 officials adamantly deny this, saying there were absolutely no concessions.
 And, true to recent convention, there is a "livid spotting" about this: The
 Wall Street Journal "Washington Wire" reports that
 national security advisor Sandy Berger was "livid" at a State Department leak
 about U.S. "carrots."

            The WP accompanies its main Iraq story with a fine piece of reporting
 by its crack technical military writer R. Jeffrey Smith on Iraq's biological
 weapons arsenal. The piece, based on scores of interviews of UN and US
 officials, details how UN inspectors have spent the post-Desert Storm years
 looking for twenty-five missile warheads filled with the world's deadliest
 germs, capable of killing up to a million people. This weapons program, reports
 the Post , was seeded by a 1985 mail-order shipment of germs from a
 Rockville, MD company.
