
   
   
      
         
            InSecurities

            
               USA
 Today leads with the collapse of a major Japanese brokerage. The
 Washington Post leads with Iraq's designation of
 certain areas as off-limits to U.N. inspectors. The New York Times leads with the White House's push for
 insurance coverage for Americans aged 55-64. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a poll story: Most Southern Californians have
 tremendous confidence in their state's economy.

            The USAT story says Yamaichi Securities Co., Japan's fourth-largest
 brokerage, has closed down while in debt to the tune of $24 billion. The
 collapse could have major negative impacts on Asian markets, though the Bank of
 Japan is stepping in with financial backing to protect Yamaichi's
 investors.

            Various papers took various angles on the story. The WP 's
 above-the-fold article calls President Clinton "upbeat" on Asian economies, and
 the paper front-pages the Yamaichi failure only in a small "reefer" to a page
 A11 story. The LAT splits the difference with two side-by-side,
 front-page stories: One covers the Yamaichi gloom, the other centers on
 Clinton's "upbeat" assessment of Asian finance. The NYT 's front-page
 analysis departs from the upbeat line, emphasizing Washington's wariness
 despite its public show of confidence: the White House fears economic weakness
 could lead to political fragility in the region. Both the NYT and the
 LAT note that Yamaichi is the largest corporate failure in Japan since
 World War II. The Wall Street Journal puts Yamaichi on the front page in its
 "Business and Finance" news box.

            The WP lead follows Iraq's latest ploy in the continuing standoff:
 U.N. inspectors are being denied access to "presidential" sites. Iraq says an
 inspection of them would be akin to the U.N. searching the White House; the
 U.N. says the sites are potential hiding places for illicit weaponry.
 USAT also front-pages the item, and says Saddam's 47 palaces form the
 bulk of the contested sites.
