
   
   
      
         
            High Fidel-ity Television

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with the growing economic crisis in
 Asia. The New York Times leads with the Justice Department's
 decision to oversee finances for the Teamsters. The Washington Post leads with the possible resignation of the
 D.C. Police Chief: The chief was caught leasing a luxury apartment for less
 than half its fair price (his roommate, another officer, told the landlord they
 needed the space for an undercover operation).

            The USAT and LAT leads center on President Clinton's
 statements that Japan must stabilize its economy to keep the whole region out
 of crisis. After previously terming Asia's economic woes "a few little glitches
 in the road," Clinton now says Asian market volatility should be taken "very
 seriously." USAT was the only paper to lead with the collapse of the
 Yamaichi brokerage yesterday, but today all the papers give front-page play to
 its aftermath: a 4.5% plummet in the Tokyo stock market. The WP runs two
 front-page stories--one on the Tokyo market, another reappraising the Japanese
 economic model. In the first piece, the WP has the detail that
 Yamaichi's president wept openly on television in announcing his firm's
 collapse. The emotional display, especially rare in Japan, underscored the
 starkness of the situation. In the WP 's second piece, free-market
 advocates crow over Japan's recent setbacks, claiming victory for the U.S.
 system. The NYT 's front-page piece is more specific on Clinton's words
 to Japan: He suggests deregulation, avoiding cheap exports as a solution, and
 strong governmental support for the banks.

            The NYT 's lead says the Justice Department will again oversee the
 Teamsters' spending practices--a setback for the union. The government had
 begun supervising the Teamsters in 1989, but ceased in 1992, soon after Ron
 Carey was elected as a purported reformer. Recent scandals necessitate renewed
 scrutiny.
