
   
   
      
         
            Tooth(air)brush

            The New York Times and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with news on the Asian financial crisis from the
 Asian-Pacific economic summit. Having led with that story for the past two
 days, USA
 Today switches its lead to the corruption charges leveled at
 ex-Teamsters boss Ron Carey. The Washington Post leads with continuing scandals in the D.C.
 police department.

            All the papers give front-page play to the Asian economic crisis (and they
 all call it a "crisis," except the LAT , which calls it "fiscal
 turmoil.") The NYT has three stories: Their lead says Asian leaders at
 the summit vow action to limit the scope of the crisis. A second front-page
 story says the White House is concerned, but thinks it unlikely, that Japan's
 economy could collapse the way Thailand's did. An analysis piece inside sees
 the crisis as an affirmation of America's economic power (parroting a piece in
 yesterday's WP ). The LAT has two front-pagers: The lead says
 summit heads want to reassure global investors of Asia's stability; the other
 story claims the public is pressuring Japan to rescue its ailing banks. The
 WP front-pager reveals the plan for bailing out the troubled economies:
 financial assistance from the International Monetary Fund, and possibly from
 the U.S., too.

            The USAT lead tracks Ron Carey's mounting woes. A federally-appointed
 board will bring corruption charges against Carey, and he may be banned from
 the Teamsters for life. The WP , NYT , and Wall Street Journal all put the story on their front pages.
 The charges stem from Carey's illegal diversion of "$885,000" from the union to
 his election campaign, according to USAT (the NYT has "more than
 $700,000"; the WP has "$735,000"; the WSJ goes with "more than
 $750,000"). Carey has temporarily resigned the presidency to focus on his legal
 problems.

            
               USAT 's off-lead is essentially a long quote from Defense Secretary
 William Cohen on the prevalence of chemical weaponry in the world, and the
 imminent dangers it could pose to America.
