
   
   
      
         
            Hip Journalism

            The Dow's bounce back above 8000 leads at USA Today . At
 the Washington Post , it's the global warming summit in
 Kyoto. The New York Times
 goes with the Federal Trade Commission's 4-0 decision to abandon a plan to
 weaken the meaning of the "Made in USA" label. And the Los Angeles
 Times leads with California's endorsement of throwback math standards
 for public school students that emphasize--get this--correct answers and lots
 of practice and discourage reliance on calculators.

            The NYT lead reports that the FTC had been considering dropping the
 threshold for "Made in USA" from the current interpretation of 98 percent of an
 item's value down to as low as 75 percent. Big businesses that import a lot of
 components, explains the paper, would have benefited at the expense of smaller
 companies that do not. (The automobile, textile, wool and fur industries are
 subject to separate requirements and are not covered by the decision.) The
 Times says the FTC switch is, like the stalling of fast track, a big
 victory for, and the result of political pressure from, organized labor. The
 Wall Street Journal , which flags the story in its
 front-page news box, explains that companies can still continue to make
 qualified U.S.-origin claims, such as "80% Made in USA." (Question for William
 Safire: Isn't "80% Made in USA" like "80% Born in USA"? Either it's made here
 or not, right?)

            The headline writers at the WP couldn't have been too disappointed
 about the dissension in Kyoto. This way, they got to write "U.S. Greeted Coolly
 at Climate Summit." The paper reports that at the opening session, the U.S.
 delegate reiterated the Clinton administration's position of getting back to
 1990 greenhouse gas levels by 2010 and called the more stringent proposals
 favored by European countries unrealistic or ineffective. In part as a response
 to worldwide criticism of this position, says the Post , President
 Clinton announced, after months of refusing to have a high-level presence at
 the meetings, that he is sending Al Gore to Kyoto to help forge an
 international greenhouse gas agreement.
