
   
   
      
         
            Health Care and Carelessness

            Health and social issues make the biggest impression today. The New York Times leads
 with the news that the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the health
 care bills passed last week by the House and Senate will fall far short of
 their announced goal of guaranteeing health coverage to the ten million
 children now uninsured. USA TODAY's front section main story makes the point that although
 the conventional wisdom is that Bill Clinton's health care proposal was a
 colossal failure, he has actually in the past two years gotten Congress to pass
 many provisions congenial to its concepts, one bill at a time. The piece calls
 this development "stealth health" care.

            In its page one lead feature, the Wall Street Journal reports on a little-noticed consequence of the
 cost-cutting brought on by managed care: the rise in free-lance autopsies. One
 Southern California woman figuring in the piece, who paid $2,500 to an
 independent pathologist (she reached him by dialing 1-800-AUTOPSY) to perform a
 post-mortem when the hospital where her mother died declined to do one, says,
 "I really felt like the doctor was listening to me and my concerns. Every time
 I paged him, he returned my call. My doctor doesn't do that. Not even my pool
 man does that."

            The lead story in today's Washington Post is a local one that could presage a national
 discussion. Two Maryland counties yesterday passed laws requiring safety locks
 to be included with every handgun sale. The Post also fronts a piece
 underlining the intractability of the problem of single motherhood. A
 multi-year, rigorous study to be released today finds that women enrolled in
 one of the nation's best-funded programs for disadvantaged teenaged mothers
 still failed to improve their chances of becoming self-sufficient.

            According to Maureen Dowd of the Times in her column today, maybe the
 problem is that too many women these days are sex-addled and man-crazy.
