
   
   
      
         
            The Disney Exercise Program

            Yesterday, everybody had the same lead--today, nobody does. USA Today
 leads with a major new comparative study of Americans' life spans. The New York Times
 leads with South Korea's acceptance of the largest international economic
 rescue ever, a $55 billion bailout engineered by the IMF. The Washington Post goes with Motorola's decision to make its
 largest single capital investment ever, in the form of a new computer chip
 plant near Richmond, Va. The Los Angeles Times lead is a survey suggesting that
 42 percent of Californians with medical insurance had a problem with their
 health plan, including hundreds of thousands who reported denials or delays in
 getting treatment, which often made their medical conditions worse.

            
               USAT 's longevity study lead reveals that the gap between the longest
 and shortest American lifespans--where life expectancy can vary by as much as
 40 years from one county to another--is about as big as that found between the
 nations with the longest and shortest lifespans. For instance, an Asian woman
 living in Bergen County, NJ, can expect to live for 96 years, while the average
 black man in Washington D.C., lives to age 58. The paper says the director of
 the CDC finds the results incredible, adding that they will probably serve as a
 blueprint for research into disease and urban violence.

            The WP runs a front-page piece driving home the study's applications
 to the Washington/Virginia region, noting that it reveals that D.C. men have
 nearly the shortest life span in the country, while men just across the Potomac
 in suburban Virginia have nearly the longest--a difference of 14.5 years. Not
 surprisingly, one expert quoted pins the difference on economic status--in
 other words, that Motorola plant's only going to make things worse.

            The NYT explains in its lead that in return for the bailout money
 from the IMF and such countries as the U.
