
   
   
      
         
            Winnie the Poo

            The New York
 Times 's national lead is an interview with President Clinton that
 focuses mainly on tax policy and campaign finance. (The NYT 's metro
 edition leads with a court's decision to uphold Gov. Pataki's right to remove a
 prosecutor who wouldn't seek the death penalty.) USA Today
 leads with a Social Security internal audit revealing that too many workers at
 the agency have too much access to Americans' personal records, opening the
 door to theft and misuse. The Washington Post goes with a sharp decline in the U.S.
 abortion rate. And the Los Angeles Times leads with the agreement by
 European health ministers to phase in a total ban on tobacco advertising and
 sports-event sponsorship.

            In the NYT interview, President Clinton says that he's weighing a tax cut but
 warned against spending a budget surplus that doesn't exist yet. Clinton also
 says he would judge any proposed tax cut by whether it was fair to average
 taxpayers, good for the economy, and conducive to a simpler tax code.

            The president also tells the Times that he is prepared to flout
 Senate Republicans by making a recess appointment of Bill Lann Lee to Justice's
 top civil rights post. And he also addressed Janet Reno's decision to curtail
 the investigation into his campaign fund-raising. "She did what she had to do
 based on her reading of the law. And everybody knows that she is an
 indpendent-minded person." (Just not an independent counsel-minded person.)

            Al Gore also sits down with a Times reporter today, but his interview is all access, no content. Gore refuses to concede any
 mistakes in either his campaign activities or in his defense of them. He says
 it's unfair to dwell on the months of controversy. "A snapshot," he bromides,
 "does not have as much accuracy as a moving picture." (Hey, as Jay or Dave
 would surely say, with Gore, a moving picture is a snapshot.)

            The Post abortion story (played inside by the NYT ) reports
 that despite a rate drop of 20 percent since 1980, abortion remains a common
 American experience--about half of all American women eventually get one.
