
   
   
      
         
            Freeh-for-all

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with new congressional pressure on
 the Department of Justice regarding campaign fund-raising investigations. The
 New York Times
 leads with the changing role of the International Monetary Fund. And the
 Washington Post leads with President Clinton's
 appearance at a Washington, D.C. church during which he called for greater
 independence for the District, remarks criticized by many local politicians for
 not including a call for voting rights for the city.

            
               USAT reports that Rep. Dan Burton says that his investigating
 committee may have to cite Janet Reno for contempt if she doesn't turn over a
 memo written to her by FBI director Louis Freeh. In it, to no avail, Freeh
 explained why she should appoint an independent counsel to look into Clinton
 campaign fund-raising. And USAT and the LAT report that Sen.
 Orrin Hatch plans on asking Freeh to open up his own investigation of these
 matters independent of Reno's. Meanwhile, says USAT , Sen. Fred Thompson
 will ask Justice to consider perjury charges against at least six witnesses who
 testified at his fund-raising hearings this past summer. The WP also has
 a front-page piece concerning these developments.

            The NYT lead points out that last week's IMF bailout package for
 South Korea is the latest example of how the Fund is pushing deeper than ever into the day-to-day
 operations of the economies it aids. Chastened by compliance difficulties
 surrounding recent IMF loans to Russia and Indonesia, says the paper, for the
 Korea bailout, Fund officials won concessions to many detailed provisions
 covering the cronyish connections among the government and the country's major
 industrial conglomerates.

            The Wall Street Journal 's lead feature notes that the latest global economic
 developments challenge the widely-held view that an emphasis on short-term
 performance weakens an economy.
