
   
   
      
         
            Freeh at Last

            At the Washington Post and USA Today the
 lead is Janet Reno and Louis Freeh's joint appearance before a congressional
 committee. The Los Angeles Times leads with the news that California air
 quality officials are considering imposing stricter smog rules on pick-up
 trucks and minivans. And the New York Times
 goes with the South Korean government's call for the U.S. and Japan to quickly
 pony up some cash that has been promised in the recently concluded bailout only
 as a last resort (yet another case of the Times leading with a financial
 story nobody else even puts on the front page). Within hours, Clinton
 administration officials rejected any early injection of U.S. funds. There was
 no immediate reaction from Japan. There's politics on both sides of the matter,
 says the Times : Korean politicians want up-front money to soften what
 are widely viewed in their country as the bailout's regulatory intrusions,
 while the Clinton administration has tried to make the U.S. contribution to the
 deal--estimated to be potentially $5 billion--more palatable by suggesting
 there's a chance it would never actually be needed.

            
               USAT stresses the "unified front" put on by Reno and Freeh on the
 Hill (as does the LAT in its front pager), while the WP
 emphasizes Freeh's testimony that he continues to support an independent
 counsel taking over Justice's ongoing investigation of Clinton campaign
 fund-raising. The Post notes that while Reno has spent a lot of time in
 front of congressional mikes, yesterday's appearance marked Freeh's first
 extensive public comments concerning the investigation and his disagreement
 with Reno about how to pursue it. He is quoted describing that disagreement as
 "the biggest open secret in Washington" because of leaks to
 news organizations. Probably so, but Freeh had as much motive as anyone to do
 the leaking: publicizing the dispute served to demonstrate his political
 independence from Clinton, something Reno has been pilloried repeatedly for not
 demonstrating (see, for instance, today's
 Maureen Dowd column).
