
   
   
      
         
            Greenhousekeeping Seal of Approval

            The approval in Kyoto of a global warming control plan leads all around. The
 dailies note that it puts the first-ever mandatory limits on greenhouse gases
 like carbon dioxide, assigning various countries different output reductions to
 be implemented from 2008 to 2012. The U.S. would be required to cut emissions
 to 7 percent below 1990 levels. USA Today says developing countries are exempt from
 the emissions cuts and that delegates agreed to a U.S.-backed emissions trading
 system for industrialized nations but will spend a year deciding how it will
 work.

            The coverage is confusing, since, for example, the Washington Post says the meetings simply tabled until next
 year the issue of whether and how the world's poorer nations would participate,
 and the New York Times
 says the industrial nations are required to reduce their emissions of the six
 main greenhouse gases to 5.2 percent below 1990 levels, while the Los Angeles
 Times says they're bound to a 6.5 percent reduction. (But the
 LAT headline says 6 percent. No small matter--that half a percent
 represents a lot of pollution.)

            The reporters' work was no doubt made difficult by the same rigors faced by
 delegates, who kept working even though the interpreters went home and, says
 the WP , the dining hall was down to just a few bananas.

            The papers convey the overall impression that environmental groups are
 fairly pleased by the Kyoto protocol and that industry groups hate it.
 "This agreement represents unilateral economic disarmament," one lobbyist tells the WP . And all the papers agree
 that the plan's prospects in the Senate, which must ratify it for the U.S. to
 become bound to it, are at best iffy. Indeed, the WP runs a separate piece about this under the headline: "Senate GOP
 Declares Kyoto Pact Dead."

            The LAT says Kyoto will alter the way "global residents" do things.
 Question: are there any other kinds of residents?
