
   
   
      
         
            Cisneros and Aphrodite

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with a federal judge's order that
 Microsoft must, at least temporarily, stop bundling its Internet browser with
 its Windows operating system. This is also the top national story at the
 Los
 Angeles Times . The New York Times
 goes instead with a look at the coming debate over the Kyoto greenhouse
 protocol.

            
               USAT describes the federal court decision as "a major blow" to
 Microsoft and "a big victory" for the Justice Department. The decision not only
 applies to current versions of the software programs but could also hinder the
 development and marketing of new versions set to roll out early next year. The
 judge also made another ruling that gets less attention: he refused to order
 Microsoft to stop asking business partners to sign "non-disclosure" provisions
 that require notifying Microsoft when passing information along to the
 government. His reason: there is no evidence that MS is using the provision to
 prevent signatories from speaking to government investigators.

            The NYT lead reports that the White House said Thursday it
 would not submit the proposed global warming treaty for Senate ratification
 until developing countries agree to participate in its restrictions, something
 these countries refused to do at Kyoto until they see developed countries like
 the U.S. cut their own emissions first. Perceptions of the treaty's softness on
 the third world, says the Times , have already prompted many Senators to
 come out against it.

            In politics, what could be worse than having your cold, dead ass dug up from
 Arlington Cemetery when it's discovered that your tombstone there is full of
 lies? Well, maybe it's being indicted for lying along with your ex-mistress.
 Anyway, the front pages at the NYT , the LAT and the WP
 report that this is exactly what's befallen former Clinton HUD secretary Henry
 Cisneros.
