
   
   
      
         
            Iran: Ironic or Irenic?

            The Washington Post and New York Times
 lead with a call by the president of Iran for a "dialogue" between his country
 and the U.S. USA Today leads with a report indicating that homelessness
 and hunger are on the rise. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with a report
 on a rift developing among anti-tobacco forces based on whether or not it's
 okay to grant any sort of legal immunity to tobacco companies in return for
 public health gains--just the sort of deal at the heart of the proposed
 national tobacco settlement before Congress.

            The WP Iran lead reports that Iranian President Mohammed Khatemi made
 the irenic remarks at a press conference, and described them as the most
 conciliatory made by an Iranian leader toward the U.S. since the Islamic
 revolution there in 1979. Khatemi said, "I declare my respects to the great
 people of the United States." True, Khatemi also said that the U.S. mistakenly
 believes it is the sole world power, trying to "impose its will on the whole
 world at any cost," but the paper reports that a senior Clinton official
 responded by saying the administration is ready to sit down and talk to the
 Iranian government if Khatemi's remarks are "authoritative." The NYT lead covers pretty much the same ground except that it
 mentions that Ali Khameni, not Khatemi, is Iran's supreme ruler. But even the
 Times could have elaborated on this to help the reader try to decide
 what Khatemi's statements are worth. The WP piece doesn't even mention
 Khameni (although another Post front pager, on Iran's loosening of
 domestic social restrictions, especially on women and intellectuals, does so in
 the course of an informative paragraph on the Iranian power structure).

            Neither the WP nor the NYT mentions as a possible Khatemi
 motivation the desire for eliminating obstacles to Caspian-Sea-based oil deals
 involving U.S. petroleum companies, now hamstrung by anti-Iranian sanctions.
 ( USAT and the LAT also have front-page coverage of Khatemi's
 remarks.
