
   
   
      
         
            Back to Basic

            
               USA
 Today leads with the news that a special civilian commission appointed
 by the DOD will release a report today reversing more than a decade of Pentagon
 gender-integration policies by concluding that men and women should go through
 basic training separately. The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with the DOD's announcement that all U.S. military
 forces (active and reserve) will be inoculated against the deadly biological
 warfare agent anthrax. The lead national story at the Washington Post is President Clinton's appointment of Bill
 Lann Lee to the Justice Department's top civil rights job.

            That DOD panel, says USAT , found that the military's present co-ed
 training approach "is resulting in less discipline, less unit cohesion and more
 distraction." The Secretary of Defense, William Cohen, can, says the paper,
 implement the panel's recommendations without congressional approval. (The
 story is also on the NYT front.)

            The NYT lead reports that the Pentagon anthrax inoculation
 program will consist of a series of six shots to start with and then annual
 boosters. It will, says the Times , begin next summer with the 100,000
 troops in the Persian Gulf and in Korea. (Soldiers in the Gulf for Desert Storm
 received the initial dosage only.) Completion of the program will take six
 years and cost $130 million. The LAT also leads with this
 story, and it's the second lead at USAT . The WP has the story
 too--on p. 23.

            The anthrax stories all mention the official Pentagon explanation that such
 countries as Iraq, Iran, and Libya have stockpiled anthrax weapons and that the
 toxin is considered a rising terrorist threat. Yet none of them breathe a word
 about the idea of inoculating the civilian population as well.

            Was Bill Clinton's interim (that is, with Congress adjourned) appointment of
 Lee as acting DOJ civil rights boss a snub of the Senate, (which turned Lee
 down)? That's a little hard to tell from the headlines.
