
   
   
      
         
            Dowd and Out at the New York Times

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Japanese tax cut. The Washington Post leads with the U.S.'s approval of South
 Korea's reforms. The Los Angeles Times goes with the adverse affect the Asian
 downturn is expected to have on the California economy. The New York Times
 hears a different drummer and leads with President Clinton's warning to Saddam
 Hussein that no option for dealing with him is off the table.

            The main news of the USAT lead is that the Japanese government has
 announced a surprise tax cut as part of its self-bailout package. The temporary
 tax cut, USAT explains, is an about-face for Prime Minister Hashimoto,
 who had recently staked his political reputation on reducing his country's
 budget deficit. The initial reaction was favorable, says the paper: Tokyo stock
 prices went up, as did the yen against the dollar.

            The NYT front page also covers this development, in a piece that points out that many
 economists think the Japanese government has prolonged the Japanese downturn
 and that of the region by dithering. The Times also notes that the
 Japanese situation is braking growth well beyond Asia: as the largest creditor
 nation, for instance, it is expected to be able to provide, for example, the
 lion's share of the billion dollars a day that is borrowed in U.S. markets.

            The WP lead reports that President Clinton and Treasury
 Secretary Rubin hailed South Korea's decision to allow the won to trade freely
 against the dollar, a move that has, the paper reports, resulted in a marked
 bounce-back in the currency in recent days. On the other hand, says the
 Post , Rubin expressed disappointment that the Japanese bailout wasn't
 bigger, "more stimulative."

            The LAT says that experts think the Asian crisis will cost
 California up to 65,000 new jobs next year and will cause export growth to
 slow.

            The president's Iraq warning came out of yesterday's press conference, which
 garnered a lot of front-page space, during which Clinton said he thinks Hussein
 still has not met his international obligations regarding weapons inspection.
