
   
   
      
         
            Not Your Father's Guzzmobile

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Dept. of Justice's attempt to have Microsoft held
 in contempt because the company is allegedly flouting the recently issued court
 order requiring it to market its Web browser Internet Explorer separately from
 its Windows 95 operating system. The Washington Post leads with news that GM and Ford are ready
 to roll out the cleanest-running-ever gasoline-powered cars. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with the Clinton administration's decision to open the way
 to full-scale trade between the U.S. and Vietnam. The New York Times
 lead is that the New York City Council has passed the nation's toughest
 restrictions on outdoor cigarette advertising.

            According to the WP lead, Ford and GM say they could put their new
 generation of clean gas-powered cars on the road soon provided they got
 guarantees the cars would qualify as acceptable under the pollution standards
 everywhere in the country outside California. (The cars are said to eliminate
 99 percent of smog-producing emissions, but California has adopted eventual
 zero-admissions standards.) But much to the companies' chagrin, New York and
 Massachusetts have adopted requirements similar to California's and their fear
 is that other states will follow suit. The story quotes unidentified EPA
 officials saying that the automakers' proposals offer an acceptable compromise,
 which will produce cleaner air.

            The LAT lead states that economic normalization between the U.S. and
 Vietnam will result from the administration's decision, based on its view that
 Vietnam's emigration policies have improved considerably, to grant Vietnam a
 waiver from the Jackson-Vanik Amendment, which bars full economic relations
 with Communist countries that don't permit free emigration. This will unblock a
 variety of government-backed financing programs for the Vietnam projects of
 various American companies.
