
   
   
      
         
            Jung for the First Time

            The Washington Post , New York Times ,
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with the victory of long-time dissident Kim Dae Jung
 in the South Korean presidential election. USA Today
 leads with President Clinton's official announcement of the long-rumored
 decision to keep U.S. troops in Bosnia indefinitely.

            The WP calls the Korean vote the most remarkable in the country's
 history, pointing out that upon his inauguration, Kim, 73, will take over a
 government that kidnapped and jailed him and repeatedly tried to kill him, once
 by planning to toss him off a ship at sea. The LAT observes that in Korea, Kim has often been compared to
 Andrei Sakharov, Lech Walesa, and Nelson Mandela. The Post notes that
 the victory celebrations were particularly joyous in the city of Kwangju, where
 in 1980, the government suppressed pro-democracy demonstrations, killing
 hundreds, and blamed the episode on Kim, who was sentenced to death (he was
 eventually given a medical release to the U.S.). And now, points out the
 NYT , Kim will have the power to pardon the imprisoned Korean
 ex-president convicted of ordering that massacre.

            The NYT stresses more than the other dailies that a big factor
 in the election outcome was an electorate enraged by the country's financial
 crisis and furious at economic mismanagement by the ruling party. The
 Times adds to the picture of Kim as the ultimate outcast by relating
 how, as recently as the mid-80s, the U.S. Embassy viewed him as too radical to
 invite to the annual 4th of July party.

            The papers all note that upon his victory, Kim pledged to implement the
 IMF-crafted economic bailout that was already agreed to by the current
 government.

            The Clinton Bosnia announcement is also front-page news at the NYT ,
 the WP , and the LAT . The coverage emphasizes President Clinton's
 frank admission that he was wrong to have set a definite timetable for getting
 troops out.
