
   
   
      
         
            Dollar Bill's Diary

            The coming Washington tax reform debate leads at USA Today . At
 the New York Times ,
 it's the decision of major HMOs to trim benefits for Medicare members. The
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with the news that senior Clinton administration
 types are turning up the pressure on Saddam Hussein and reluctant European
 allies for inspection access to about 80 Iraqi presidential "palace" sites. And
 the Washington Post goes with a look at the alarming
 number of unexplained deaths of young people in the District of Columbia. It
 seems that in recent years, on average, three people a month between the ages
 of 15 and 44 have died there under circumstances that have never been cleared
 up, a rate that appears, the Post says, to be the highest in the
 country. The paper lays much of the blame for this on the inadequacies of the
 D.C. medical examiner's office.

            The USAT lead states that President Clinton, eager to counter
 Republican proposals for the flat tax or a national sales tax, is considering
 various other simplification proposals, including one that would exempt as many
 as 19 million taxpayers from having to file at all, by letting the IRS
 calculate their taxes for them, which would then be withheld by employers.

            The companion USAT news section cover story
 reports that 95 percent of respondents to the paper's poll on the topic say
 they want a change in the system, and yet a majority of them do not support
 either the flat tax or the national sales tax--and want to retain deductions
 for home mortgage interest and charitable contributions.

            The NYT notes that for cost containment reasons, managed care companies nationwide are starting to cut some of the
 generous benefits--such as low- or no-cost prescriptions and eyeglasses and no
 membership fees--that attracted elderly Americans on Medicare to their plans in
 the first place. The changes are due, says the paper, to rising drug costs and
 a cap set by Congress on payments to HMOs.
