
   
   
      
         
            Herzo Good

            The First Family's visit to Bosnia-Herzogovina leads at the New York Times ,
 Los
 Angeles Times , and USA Today , and is the top national story at the
 Washington Post .

            The Bosnia stories--all accompanied by big top-of-the page photos of the
 president, the best one being the LAT 's shot of Bill, Hillary, and
 Chelsea up close and personal with American soldiers--all point out that
 Clinton's quick mission had the dual purpose of boosting the morale of U.S.
 troops and urging Bosnians to work harder on their country's recovery. The
 pitch to the Bosnians, both in private consultations with national leaders and
 in a public speech in Sarajevo, included Clinton's insistence on the importance
 of isolating and arresting indicted war criminals.

            The NYT , USAT , and the LAT all go front page with the
 news that the FDA has approved prescription of an anti-baldness pill. This comes
 after experiments showing that the substance either promoted hair growth or at
 least stopped hair loss in 83 percent of the men who took it. The approval came
 despite recognition that the pills carry a slight risk of impotence and reduced
 sex drive. (That there is expected to be a strong market for the medication
 despite these possible side-effects is yet more evidence of the growing
 narcissism of the American man, who apparently is more interested in looking
 sexy than being sexy.)

            
               USAT runs a front-page piece about the career-ending spinal injury
 suffered by Detroit linebacker Reggie Brown in a game Sunday. The piece focuses
 on the inspirational story of teammates and opponents praying for him on the
 field while doctors worked on him feverishly, but treads lightly around the
 NFL's dirty little not-so-secret: namely, that because of the incredible
 increases in the size, strength, and speed of the players, serious spinal and
 head injuries are becoming more common all the time. So much so that pro
 football is now far more dangerous than those "ultimate fighting championships"
 that are outlawed in all but a few states.
