
   
   
      
         
            Verdicting It Up

            The Terry Nichols verdict leads all around. USA Today
 calls the conviction on conspiracy and manslaughter counts but acquittal on
 1st-degree murder charges "a surprising compromise." The New York Times
 calls the result "a nuanced verdict." The Los Angeles
 Times and the Wall Street Journal emphasize that the decision
 considerably lessens the likelihood that Nichols will be condemned to
 death.

            
               USAT says that inside the courtroom, relatives of victims "appeared
 crestfallen" at the news. The NYT finds them "stunned." The dailies are
 relentless in their programmatic use of "balancing" language to describe family
 reactions--"many" are angry, "some" are shocked, etc.--despite producing no
 family members saying the verdicts are just. Instead, when it comes to
 particulars, we have everybody quoting the comment of a woman whose Secret
 Service agent husband was killed in the Oklahoma blast: "It was a slap in the
 face."

            The reactions noted are often incisive as well as anguished. A woman who
 lost two small grandsons tells the NYT , "Terry Nichols and Timothy
 McVeigh conspired for seven months to blow up that building. That's not
 involuntary manslaughter. That's first-degree murder." Similarly, a woman who
 lost a daughter is quoted in USAT and the Washington Post saying, "He conspired to build the bomb;
 what the hell did they think he was going to do with it!" In the WP and
 NYT and USAT stories, the juxtaposition of these expressions of
 dissatisfaction with President Clinton's remark that the verdicts "should offer
 a measure of comfort" makes Clinton look particularly tin-eared.

            When the papers strive to make sense of the verdict, they tend to look that
 way too. The Times says that the manslaughter verdicts mean that the
 jury held that the deaths were foreseeable results of a lawful act. But what
 was that lawful act? The NYT doesn't say. (Surely not helping to build a
 bomb.
