
   
   
      
         
            Sein-Off

            
               USA
 Today leads with a surge in South Korea's financial markets. The
 New York Times leads with a story on sluggish
 holiday retail sales. The Washington Post lead says Congress is under pressure to
 offer a tax cut before the 1998 midterm elections. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with the malfunction of a Russian-launched satellite. The
 satellite fell out of orbit, and there is some chance that parts could impact
 on earth in the next few months.

            The USAT lead says foreign investors, seeking bargains, have suddenly
 flooded South Korea's markets, buying blue-chips like Samsung at basement
 prices. The won gained 20% against the dollar in a single day. The Wall Street Journal puts the story in its World-Wide
 newsbox. A front-page piece in the NYT goes in a different direction,
 explaining Korean-Americans' mixed feelings over their homeland's financial
 difficulties. While they are concerned for Korea, and send money back to
 relatives there, Korean-Americans also feel some relief: "A poorer South Korea
 makes the sacrifices of immigrants in America easier to justify."

            The NYT lead says holiday sales were slow for the third year in a
 row. Retailers thought the strong economy would mean a big buying season, but
 estimates see just a two or three percent increase over last December's sales
 (only half of the expected gain). Analysts see a paradigm shift: People no
 longer concentrate their gift-giving around Christmas and Hanukkah. The
 WSJ reefers the story on its front page.

            The WP lead predicts tax-cut proposals from Congress next year. Wall
 Streeters forecast a $40 billion surplus for the current fiscal year; pols want
 to use the money to cut taxes, looking for points with voters in next fall's
 elections. The surplus could also lead to a renegotiation of the budget deal,
 with an eye towards ending the deficit by 1999.

            A WSJ story tracks Canada's economic comeback.
