
   
   
      
         
            Greenback Green Cards

            
               USA
 Today leads with the scores of injuries and one death on board a United
 Airlines jumbo jet enroute to Hawaii from Japan. The Washington Post leads with exposure of a little-known
 program giving visas to immigrant investors. The New York Times
 goes with the revelation of a major Clinton administration domestic goal for
 this year: sign up millions of children eligible for Medicaid health insurance
 but not currently enrolled. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a striking drop in the Los Angeles murder rate.

            The WP lead details how a U.S. immigration program enacted in 1990 reserves up to
 10,000 green cards a year for rich investors and their immediate families. The
 program has led to the growth of consulting firms handling the details--the
 leading one boasts George Bush's brother on its board. More than 80 percent of
 these visas are going to Asians.

            The Clinton push on Medicaid coverage for poor children, which will be featured in the
 upcoming State of the Union message, apparently came, says the Times ,
 after the president was dismayed to discover that most states had made little
 progress on this since he first started talking about it early last year. The
 piece is by the NYT 's long-time social policy reporter, Robert Pear, but
 it will be interesting to see how the Times handles any subsequent
 coverage of this by its other main poor people reporter, Jason DeParle, whose
 wife is the administration's Medicaid expansion point person.

            The LAT says that fewer
 people have been killed in 1997 in the City of Angels than in any single
 year since 1977, which, the paper reminds readers with head injuries, was when
 Jimmy Carter was president. The paper cites a number of factors that might
 explain the drop: a stronger economy, stabilization of the drug-trade, stricter
 sentencing laws, improved police tactics, periodic gang truces, and a decrease
 in the young-adult demographic.
