
   
   
      
         
            The Chicken Flew

            
               USA
 Today leads with the decision by Ted Kaczynski's lawyers to abandon a
 mental defect defense. The New York Times
 and the Los Angeles Times lead with the decision by international
 bankers to allow South Korea to delay debt repayments. The Washington Post goes with a guilty plea by the world's
 largest poultry company, Tyson Foods, in a political corruption case.

            The USAT lead also reports on revelations that the Department of
 Justice turned down Kaczynski's offer to plead guilty in return for a sentence
 of life in prison, referring only to "published accounts." The paper should
 have given credit to the NYT , which broke the story yesterday. The
 WP does give that credit in its Kaczynski story, carried inside today,
 but not until the sixth paragraph. C'mon people! Admit it up front: Sometimes
 other papers get there first.

            The Post story quotes a Kaczynski family lawyer asking what purpose
 going for the death penalty serves "except to punish [brother] David for the
 rest of his life." The WP also runs an editorial questioning the DOJ stance, as does the NYT . On the other hand, today's Richard Cohen column in the
 Post quotes badly injured Unabomber victim David Gerlernter saying, "I
 would sentence him to death....If someone handed me a gun or showed me the
 switch on the chair,...I would kill him myself."

            The WP 's Tyson story reports that the company pleaded guilty to
 giving former agriculture secretary Mike Espy $12,000 in illegal gratuities and
 consented to pay $6 million in fines and costs. The gifts were given to Espy
 while his department was considering poultry-related actions that portended
 millions of dollars in extra costs to the company. The NYT runs an AP
 account of the matter on p.11.

            The Post reports that as part of the deal, company chairman Don Tyson
 and his son John were granted immunity from prosecution. The Post
 doesn't make the point, but this is all too typical: Something abstract called
 the "corporation" is fined while the actual executives (think what that word
 means: people who get things done) go merrily along.
