
   
   
      
         
            Presidents Just Wanna Have Funds

            
               USA
 Today leads with a look at the new federal and state tax breaks coming
 in with 1998. The Washington Post leads with President Clinton's decision to
 shut down his legal defense fund. The New York Times
 goes with the ban on smoking in bars that California puts in place tomorrow,
 mentioning the possible advent there of "smoke-ins" and "smoke-easy's." The
 Los
 Angeles Times leads with word that a task force appointed by Gov. Pete
 Wilson will call for increased state oversight of HMOs to make them more
 patient-oriented.

            The WP reveals that Clinton's decision to shut down his defense fund was
 prompted by controversy over the fund's implication in shady DNC fund-raising
 practices and by dwindling contributions.

            The Clintons, says the paper, now have nearly $3 million in legal bills. And
 the real story, which the Post buries deep and leaves out of the
 headline, is that they are actively looking for a better way to raise the cash.
 The NYT , in its front-page coverage, does more justice to this
 angle, mentioning it in the headline and in the story lead. Yesterday, the
 WP reports, Clinton said he'd asked the White House counsel to study the
 ethical and legal requirements governing future fund-raising efforts. (Thereby
 exemplifying one dubious but legal cost-saving device he's making good use of:
 getting taxpayers to pay for research into what is essentially his private
 legal problem.) Sources tell the paper the Clintons have approved a new vehicle
 that, it is hoped, will avoid the restrictions that kept the old trust from
 soliciting money for their use--by having it "independently" set up by some
 third party. (Isn't it amazing how this triangulation can be discussed so
 openly and still be legal?)

            The WP and USAT (in its off-lead) say the lapsed defense fund
 had not been used to pay for any legal expenses arising from the Paula Jones
 case.
