
   
   
      
         
            When Rolling Stone Rocked
            

            ELLEN:

            Well, that's a lot to chew on. I'm not convinced by your Nation -like
 the "country is basically being run by global corporations" rap. That's too
 easy. If what you say is true, then Clinton wouldn't have been able to pass his
 huge tax increase in '93. If what you say is true, the estate tax (an absurd
 violation of "family values") wouldn't exist, and capital gains taxes would be
 slashed. I agree that the president and Congress has less to do with the
 economy than is believed, and what they take credit for when things are going
 well, but I don't believe that GM, Microsoft, GE, etc. "run" the country. If
 that were true, the crazy amount of entitlements, handouts, and obscene
 regulations on business wouldn't exist.

            I'm with you on most social issues: pro-choice, obviously pro-First
 Amendment, pro-gay rights, etc. Legalize pot? It wouldn't bother me, and would
 be an economic boon to the country. I am in favor of capital punishment and
 think all this nonsense about "hate" crimes is just that: nonsense. Rhetoric
 that obscures the debate. Any crime is hateful, whether it's committed
 against a white, Jew, black, gay, Muslim, or Scientologist.

            As for Columbine, I think the media, especially television, behaved
 disgracefully. It was all about ratings (just as the intrusive coverage of John
 Kennedy's tragic death) and selling newspapers. End of story, so to speak. And
 it simply encourages copycat crimes. Columbine had the great hook: kids,
 especially the unfortunate girl who professed her belief in God and became an
 instant martyr. It's no surprise that CNN (the prime offender) didn't spend
 one-tenth the time on the Atlanta massacre. After all, those murders were
 carried out in a financial work setting; it didn't have the juice of a high
 school for TV producers. Never mind that the kook killed his own family, a
 truly horrendous event.

            Magazines.
