
   
   
      
         
            Photo Opportunism

            
               USA
 Today leads with Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin's warning to Congress
 against counting on a federal budget surplus. The Washington Post leads with remarks by House Budget
 Committee Chairman John Kasich and by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman
 Bill Archer to the effect that expanding Medicare coverage to include younger
 retirees would be a mistake. The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times go with the sudden threat to Israeli Prime Minister
 Benjamin Netanyahu's ruling coalition.

            The crux of the Israeli situation is that the Foreign Minister, David Levy,
 resigned on Sunday because of dissatisfaction with Netanyahu's performance on
 both the social welfare and Palestinian fronts. The NYT explains that
 the move only leaves Netanyahu with a two-vote margin in Parliament. The
 Times says that without Levy, Netanyahu is likely to grow more dependent
 on right-wing parties, and thus to become more resistant to pro-Palestinian
 concessions. USAT and the WP run the Israel story as their off-leads.

            In what is no doubt the payoff for concerted auto industry press lobbying,
 the Wall Street Journal , NYT , and LAT each
 run front-page stories about the Big Three's renewed interest in producing
 less-guzzling, less-polluting cars. Readers are advised to clip and save these
 for when the car companies howl the next time the federal government tries to
 lower fuel economy and emission standards.

            In the NYT 's story about today's opening of the Unabomber trial (run
 on the front in the national edition, inside in the metro edition), the point
 is made that the case's story of "a brother fighting to save the life of the
 brother he turned in" is "a tale of literary dimensions." But the Times
 apparently doesn't feel such an observation can stand without expert testimony,
 so it drags in Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist William Kennedy and a lit
 professor to repeat it.

            The WP 's Al Kamen reports that the CIA recently overlooked scads of
 Agency retirees it should have invited to its 50th anniversary gala.
