
   
   
      
         
            Paint It Black

            The New York Times ,
 Washington Post , and Los Angeles
 Times lead with President Clinton's surprise announcement that his
 proposed 1999 federal budget will be balanced. USA Today
 leads with turmoil at the opening of the Unabomber trial (which also gets
 considerable front-page coverage, along with big pictures of Ted Kaczynski's
 brother and mother entering the courthouse, at the Post and the two
 Times ).

            The Post says the budget announcement marks the shift from the
 "politics of austerity" to the "politics of prosperity." The NYT says it is the "fiscal equivalent of the fall of the
 Berlin Wall." After all, all the dailies observe, the federal budget was last
 balanced in 1969. Indeed, the Times notes, no president has even
 tried to offer a balanced one since 1971. No wonder that the NYT
 senses "euphoria" in Washington. "You'll see surpluses as far as the eye can
 see" is the quote of the day from presidential advisor Gene Sperling, and
 everybody has it. As the Times observes, this is a pretty dramatic shift
 from just this past weekend when administration officials were discouraging
 talk of a near-term surplus. (A Washington explanation for this is that the
 administration wanted to preserve the momentum that comes with a big
 surprise.)

            The NYT and USAT remind readers that two weeks ago Newt
 Gingrich urged Clinton to propose a balanced budget for 1999 and the
 Times remarks that "Clinton never mentions it, but a tax increase signed
 at great political cost by George Bush began the work of deficit reduction."
 The Post totes up the political causes, but says the development arose
 "mostly because of six years of relentless economic growth."

            The WP budget lead stresses high up Clinton's view that the first
 order of business for any surplus is balancing the budget, not cutting taxes or
 increasing spending. The LAT budget story also goes high with Clinton's
 warning against any big new tax cuts.
