
   
   
      
         
            Send in the Clones

            President Clinton's proposal to expand Medicare coverage leads at USA Today and
 the New York Times
 and is the top national story at the Los Angeles
 Times and Washington Post .

            The dailies report that Clinton is aiming to make Medicare available to
 those retiring at 62 and even to workers as young as age 55 who find themselves
 without company health insurance. The administration claims the expansion will
 pay for itself through increased user fees. The NYT says this represents
 another incremental step toward providing health insurance to all Americans,
 part of the piecemeal strategy Clinton adopted after the failure of his
 comprehensive health care reform. The WP says it's the largest expansion
 of Medicare in a quarter century, and notes that an enthusiastic supporter, the
 chief lobbyist for AARP, dismisses cost-based objections by commenting that
 until recently everybody thought there was a budget deficit too. (This is a
 form of argument you can bet you will now hear again and again, in all sorts of
 contexts.)

            When everybody does the same story you get to compare headlines. The
 clearest and most succinct is USAT 's "Clinton: Expand Medicare."

            The LAT runs a top-of-the-front photo of survivors of a massacre in
 Algeria last weekend and the USAT off-lead gives some of the details:
 villagers are abandoning their homes to avoid the viscious attacks by Moslem
 extremists that have killed more than 1,200 people just this week--on top of
 some 75,000 such murders since 1992. Incredibly, reports USAT , U.N.
 human rights experts have not yet traveled to Algeria to look into this.

            The death of Rep. Sonny Bono draws a surprising amount of coverage.
 USAT dedicates its front section cover story to Bono, and both the
 WP and LAT put two Bono stories apiece above their folds. Only
 the NYT holds back, with only a small picture "reefer" to the inside on
 its front bottom.

            The Post calls Bono a "respected congressman.
