
   
   
      
         
            Message: Wee Care

            Everybody's big story is the inability of the Terry Nichols jury to decide
 on his sentence, which under the federal rules, means he won't get the death
 penalty. The judge will decide instead and the dailies say that he'll probably
 go for life in prison. Nichols, the reader is reminded all around, still faces
 hundreds of state murder charges that could result in the death penalty.

            The most striking part of this installment of the Nichols story is what
 USA
 Today calls the "sharply critical press conference" held by the jury
 forewoman afterwards. She is quoted as saying that "the government dropped the
 ball." USAT implies that what she meant by this was that "it was hard to
 say from the evidence presented exactly what Terry Nichols' involvement was."
 But the New York Times ,
 Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times say the "dropping the ball" comment was about her belief that the
 government had failed to search for other suspects

            The WP seems to reveal that this juror ended up with at least a touch
 of militia-style animus against the feds when it quotes her
 remark: "I think the government's attitude.is part of where all this comes from
 in the first place..I think maybe it's time the government be more
 respectful.and not with the attitude that we know and you don't, we have the
 power and you don't." Indeed, in its lead paragraph, the LAT attributes
 the sentencing outcome to a belief by many jurors that the FBI was arrogant and
 sloppy.

            Continuing the time-honored tradition of drip-dripping the key elements of
 the upcoming State of the Union speech ahead of time, all of the front pages
 cover President Clinton's proposal of a nearly $22 billion package of grants
 and tax breaks to help working families pay for child care. The plan would also
 include tax credits for businesses that build or expand employee child care
 facilities. Congressional rumblings are noted--both USAT and the
 NYT report that House Ways and Means Chairman Bill Archer referred to
 the plan as another of Clinton's "small ideas" that "taken together, return to
 the era of big government"--but there is no mention of the federally subsidized
 state-of-the-art workplace child-care center used by members of Congress.
