
   
   
      
         
            Solitary Men

            Theodore Kaczynski's apparent suicide attempt and his renewed attempt to be
 his own lawyer lead at USA Today and the Los Angeles
 Times . The worsening Indonesian economic crisis leads at the Washington Post and at the Wall Street Journal . The sentencing of the World Trade
 Center bombing mastermind leads at the New York
 Times .

            
               USAT reports that Sacramento jail authorities deduced from
 Kacszynski's missing underpants and a red mark on his neck that he had tried to
 commit suicide in his cell the night before. (Presumably they could rule out a
 really hot date.) As a result, says USAT , he's been placed in a
 psychiatric cell where his movements will be monitored 24 hours a day while the
 court continues to ponder the issue of his legal representation.

            The LAT lead says these latest Unabomber trial developments
 have left Kacszynski's mother and brother "reeling." The story also gets
 front-page coverage at the NYT and WP . The NYT mentions
 that the jury was about to be sworn in but was instead "sent home" Thursday.
 But none of the accounts mention whether the jury is sequestered yet. If not,
 then the jury's been exposed to the suicide attempt, the controversy about his
 competency, as well as to the news that the government turned down his offer to
 plead guilty in return for having his life spared. Won't all this tend to
 promote jury sympathy for Kacszynski?

            The WSJ reports that concerns about Indonesia's
 President Suharto's ability to turn things around--because he's infirm and
 because he has too many family members with fortunes to protect--have gotten so
 bad that on Thursday, supermarkets were jammed by those trying to stock up on
 essential goods.

            The Journal focuses more on the crisis, the WP and NYT
 focus more on what the U.S. and the IMF are doing about it. The Times
 has the most detail about the U.S. role, reporting that President Clinton
 insisted in a 20-minute phone call with Suharto on Thursday night that
 Indonesia must put in place strong economic reforms.
