
   
   
      
         
            Honey, They've Shrunk the Op-Ed Page!

            The New York Times
 leads with the latest maneuverings in the Unabomber case. The Washington Post goes with a new push to train workers for
 computer-related jobs. The Los Angeles Times leads with the U.S. effort to turn
 around the Indonesian economy. And USA Today
 leads with the cold snap that has left the Northeast U.S. with hundreds of
 downed power lines.

            The NYT reports that after the chaos in the Unabomb trial last week,
 Justice officials were considering a new offer from Theodore Kacszynski that
 would, if accepted, deliver him from the death penalty. The Times
 reports that by the end of the weekend, the new plea deal had been rejected.
 The story doesn't reveal until its eleventh paragraph that the new round of
 negotiations was first reported by this week's issue of Newsweek . Some
 journalists defend this suppression practice on the grounds that such sourcing
 issues are only of interest to other journalists, and not the general reader.
 Well, if this were a good argument, then newspapers shouldn't use bylines
 either (general readers hardly ever notice them), or at least should put them
 in the eleventh paragraph.

            The WP , which credits (sister publication) Newsweek in the
 fourth paragraph of its inside Unabomber story, treats the new round of
 negotiations as still open.

            The WP lead reports that the Clinton administration's computer
 training effort will include millions of dollars in grants to fund educational
 programs, an Internet job bank and a campaign to glamorize computer-related
 professions. The campaign's goal, says the paper, is to remove the "nerd"
 stigma from the computer profession. (This is probably cheaper than actually
 removing the nerds.)

            The LAT lead reports that a high-level Treasury team's mission to
 Indonesia has the goal of meeting with President Suharto today to persuade him
 to carry out the economic reforms mandated by the IMF.
