
   
   
      
         
            More Swiss Cheesiness?

            A new game of chicken with Saddam over arms inspections leads at USA Today and
 the Washington Post . At the New York Times
 and the Los Angeles Times , it's signs that Indonesia is ready to
 shoulder real economic reforms.

            Yesterday, Iraq halted the work of yet another U.N. weapons inspection team.
 USAT and the WP both report that the official reasons are that
 the team has too many Americans and that the team leader, former Marine Scott
 Ritter, is a spy. USAT reports that on a 1995 Iraq visit, Ritter, a
 seasoned inspector, discovered smuggled-in missile guidance equipment. The
 Post adds the detail that Iraq's latest tantrum followed a day of
 aggressive surprise inspections conducted by Ritter's team. The U.S. reaction
 is to re-emphasize that Saddam must comply and that all diplomatic and military
 options are on the table.

            Both the NYT and LAT emphasize that Indonesian president
 Suharto has received more international attention, in the form of visits from
 U.S. and IMF delegations and calls from numerous foreign leaders, than he has
 in years, and that he seems to be responding with a real austerity pledge,
 including the postponement of several major government investments in the
 dubious projects of family members. The NYT reports on another public
 buck-up: a group of Indonesian tycoons joined the nation's finance minister for
 a televised purchase of the local currency.

            Although prior press reports have wondered if the 76-year-old Suharto's
 failing health would impair his ability to lead his country out of the current
 crisis, neither of today's Times stories emphasize this.

            According to the LAT front, a study coming out today from the Simon
 Wiesenthal Center will charge that thousands of Jewish refugees were confined by the Swiss during
 World War II in special camps, sometimes behind barbed wire and at gunpoint.
 Often, says the paper, the Jews were forced to work for little or no pay, and
 even forced to pay special taxes to defray the expenses of their
 confinement.
