
   
   
      
         
            The Sheepskin Game

            The top national story at the Washington Post is the U.S. marshalling support among
 allies as it heads into another stare-down with Iraq over arms inspection
 access. The New York Times
 leads with the decision of the Israeli Cabinet to make no further withdrawals
 from the West Bank until the Palestinians satisfy a series of "stringent"
 conditions. The Los Angeles Times leads with the explosion in cable TV
 rates, and USA Today goes with the news that this country's rate of
 inflation now stands at a 32-year low.

            The WP reports that for now, the administration is, in the face of
 the latest Iraqi provocation--the blocking of a U.N. weapons search led by an
 American, William Scott Ritter--opting for a cautious diplomatic path aimed at
 orchestrating a condemnation from the U.N. Security Council. The WP runs
 a profile of Ritter inside, revealing that he once rattled
 Norman Schwarzkopf by turning up evidence that the U.S. Gulf War air campaign
 had not destroyed Iraqi mobile missile capabilities. The NYT front-page
 Iraq story features a top-of-the-page close-up photo of Ritter, and the
 LAT top-front effort is accompanied by a wider-angle shot of him.

            The LAT reports that the FCC just issued a report showing that
 cable rates are rising at four times the rate of inflation and
 that in California and a few other states, subscribers are looking at
 double-digit price increases. None of the other dailies runs this story.

            The Wall Street Journal reports that two-thirds of U.S.
 households have answering machines and that fully half of those use them to
 screen incoming calls.

            The LAT reports on its front page that the Asian economic crisis is
 affecting Asian students, especially Thais and Koreans, attending college in this country. The piece has the example of
 one USC junior packing to go back to Korea after getting a call from her mom
 saying that the currency collapse had in effect doubled the cost of tuition.
