
   
   
      
         
            Really Juvenile Reynolds

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with revelations from newly disclosed
 R.J. Reynolds internal documents that seem to show that the company has
 persistently attempted to market cigarettes to teens. This is also the top
 national story at the Los Angeles Times . The New York Times
 leads with the U.N. Security Council's vote telling Iraq to honor previous
 promises to allow U.N. inspectors complete access to suspected weapons
 sites.

            The new tobacco documents (many of them marked "Secret"), released as part
 of a lawsuit settlement, show a company strategy of attracting teenagers
 through advertising and various youth-oriented promotions such as, according to
 USAT , "NASCAR sponsorship," "inner city activities," and "T-shirts and
 other paraphernalia." And says USAT , the documents show that RJR's
 introduction of "Joe Camel" fits in to this strategy.

            The dailies point out that since, in 1994, the then-CEO of RJR testified
 before Congress that the company does not market to children, these new
 documents have prompted congressional interest in perjury charges. They also
 report that former FDA head David Kessler says the new material is "a smoking
 gun" that shows why Congress shouldn't approve the proposed national tobacco
 settlement.

            The company responded by repeating its denial of youth targeting and stating
 that the documents are being taken out of context, telling the WP , "Our
 documents reflect the social attitudes of the times in which they were
 created."

            The Wall Street Journal , which flags the story in its
 front-page news box, passes along another RJR defense: that one document that
 seemed to be suggesting pitching product to 13-year-olds contained a
 typographical error and was really about 18-year-olds. However, according to
 the Post , some documents refer to 12-year-olds.

            The WP really goes to town on the RJR story, backing up its lead with
 two more stories inside--one on how the revelations will play politically and
 the other a collection of extensive selections from the RJR documents.
