
   
   
      
         
            Bad-Boy Nostalgia
            

            Think your analysis is spot-on, Ellen. (How's that for a disincentive to
 keep reading?) It's no coincidence that Golin had his apprenticeships at both
 Men's Health and Cosmo, two magazines unlikely ever to be accused
 of sentimentality or pretension. The crucial lesson taught by those two
 publications, and successful mass-market mags in general, is a rigorous
 anti-elitism: Esquire and GQ posit, explicitly or by inference,
 that only winners will be let into their club. In this week's Advertising
 Age, GQ editor Art Cooper asks why condom advertisers bother to take
 out pages in Maxim, since the readership is composed entirely of
 masturbators. I'm pretty sure Cooper was joking, but the dis was clear.
 GQ="classy." Maxim=hopelessly déclassé. But who wants to be
 classy anymore? The recent vogues for cigars, cocktails, and the Rat Pack were
 not wistful evocations of a more civilized time; they were wistful evocations
 of the last great period of big Straight White Guy fun, before the broads and
 the fags came in to ruin it all. It was Sinatra's Pack's bad-boy behavior the
 late-'90s ersatz swells are celebrating, not the fine tailoring on his
 three-button suits.

            The tits in these magazines, likewise, are not there for the purpose of
 "trouser-rousing" (as Details so delicately put it in its current
 issue). The photos are rarely "hot" in the manner of pornography or even in the
 manner of the Sports Illustrated tanned-fleshy swimsuit numbers. They
 are more like '90s answers to the calender girls and pinups of the mid-century,
 suggestive more than titillating, festive more than funky. The men's-mag
 T&A is really about providing a kind of boys-only atmosphere in
 which the complicated tradeoffs involved in three decades of negotiating with
 women's lib can be neatly tuned out.

            This is not really anti-feminist, since much of the new laddism seems to be
 coming at the behest of a new generation of Cosmo-trained sex-addled
 fembots.
