
   
   
      
         
            Fashioning Paula

            
               USA
 Today leads with Texas' settlement of its product-liability lawsuit
 against the leading tobacco companies. The top nonlocal story at the Washington Post is the latest development in the Indonesian
 economic crisis--a rare and boosterish Suharto press conference in contrast to
 a further plunging stock market and food riots in outlying towns. The New York Times
 leads with a comprehensive poll about American attitudes concerning
 abortion.

            In the Texas case, reports USAT , the defendant companies have agreed
 to pay about $15 billion over 25 years to reimburse the state for expenses it
 incurred in the treatment of smoking-related illnesses. That makes Texas the
 third state to settle such a case, joining Florida and Mississippi. There are,
 says the paper, a total of 40 such suits on file, with Minnesota's turn coming
 next week.

            The Wall Street Journal states that the plaintiffs' lawyers
 hired by Texas to try the case will receive as part of the deal almost $2.2
 billion in fees.

            The NYT abortion survey, the first conducted by the paper since 1989, was
 based on telephone interviews of 1,101 people and detects "a notable shift from
 general acceptance" of having the procedure: from 40 percent to 32 percent. And
 the pollsters also detected an increasingly acute sensitivity to abortion
 timing: Sixty-one percent of those polled thought abortions should be permitted
 during the first trimester, but only 15 percent in the second and just 7
 percent in the third. (The piece notes that this last stat helps explain why a
 focus on partial-birth abortions has proven politically advantageous for
 abortion foes.) Nearly 45 percent of those asked to state the present law on
 abortion could not give the correct answer.

            The WSJ notes that the just-concluded football/TV deal will probably
 mean even steeper cable bills in the near future. Some local cable
 companies, the paper says, expect the fees they'll pay ESPN to go up more than
 20 percent.
