
   
   
      
         
            Internal Affairs

            The Washington Post leads with Independent Counsel
 Kenneth Starr's investigation into allegations that President Clinton suborned
 perjury by a former White House intern. A three-judge panel, reported both the
 Post and Los Angeles Times , has authorized Starr to explore charges
 that Clinton and his close friend Vernon Jordan persuaded the intern, Monica
 Lewinsky, to deny that she had had a year-and-a-half-long affair with the
 president after she had detailed the relationship in 10 conversations with
 Linda Tripp. Tripp, a colleague at the Pentagon where Lewinsky later worked,
 recorded the conversations surreptitiously and reportedly turned the tapes over
 to Starr. Both Clinton and Lewinsky denied the affair in sworn depositions in
 the Paula Jones case. Clinton lawyer, Robert Bennett called the story
 "ridiculous" and told the Post he "smelled a rat." Neither Bennett nor
 White House officials would comment on whether Clinton had discussed her
 testimony with her.

            The Clinton/Netanyahu talks lead at the New York Times . USA
 Today goes with the finding that Theodore Kacszynski is legally competent
 to stand trial, which is also the top national story at the LAT .

            The WP reports that President Clinton, who will meet with Yassir
 Arafat on Thursday, is getting into an unusual amount of detail in the latest
 Mideast talks.

            The WP reports that before the two leaders broached substantive
 matters, they made an attempt to clear the air about their own troubled
 relationship. Netanyahu complained about being snubbed by Clinton on a prior
 visit to the U.S., and Clinton chided him for meeting with Jerry Falwell the
 other day, noting that Falwell has distributed videos suggesting that Clinton
 may have been complicit in a murder. The NYT , in its lead, says that
 administration officials were "furious" about the Falwell rendezvous. The Post
 reports that Netanyahu presented Clinton with a stack of gross images of Jews
 and Israelis from Arab newspapers.
