
   
   
      
         
            Starr Dreck

            "This is going to be the biggest story in my lifetime," is the way James
 Carville put it, and it leads everywhere, eclipsing such leaders-any-other-day
 as the Pope celebrating Mass in Cuba, a surprise guilty plea in the Unabomber
 case, and the decision by Microsoft to give in on the issue of Windows
 95/Internet Explorer separation.

            
               USA
 Today says that while papering Washington and elsewhere with subpoenas,
 Kenneth Starr was working to persuade Monica Lewinsky to testify against
 President Clinton. The paper says that the indefinite postponement of
 Lewinsky's deposition--originally scheduled for today--in the Paula Jones case
 was sought by her attorney while he negotiates with Starr. By contrast, the
 Washington Post says there appears to be little
 movement towards a Starr/Lewinsky deal that would protect her from prosecution
 for perjury and obstruction of justice, adding that her lawyer says he hasn't
 heard from Starr since Monday. "Obviously," the Post quotes him, "if
 there's jeopardy [to Lewinsky], I'd like a deal."

            The New York Times
 coverage emphasizes yesterday's statement by Clinton friend and advisor Vernon
 Jordan that "absolutely and unequivocally" Lewinsky told Jordan that there was
 no affair. Jordan vigorously denied telling her to lie. Everybody also reports
 that Jordan admitted he'd arranged some job interviews for Lewinsky. Readers,
 especially those just out of college with hardly any prior work experience, are
 encouraged to contact Mr. Jordan's Washington office for similar job placement
 assistance.

            The WP still leads the way in monomaniacal Monica-mania. Besides the
 full front-page treatment, the Post strews inside such items as a report
 on Al Gore's first statement about the scandal (he believes his boss), a
 check-in with Gennifer Flowers, and a primer for parents whose children now
 suddenly ask, "Mommy, Daddy, what is adultery?"

            The Times says the White House appears to have settled on a "strategy
 of denial and delay," which includes attempting to undermine Lewinsky's
 credibility and raising questions about her motivation.
