
   
   
      
         
            As the World Interns

            The initial phase of the Clinton counter-thrust, which hit the beach on the
 Sunday chat shows, leads everywhere. The main theme is not defend Clinton so
 much as attack Starr. The TV appearances of James Carville and Paul Begala are
 noted all around, as is the return to the White House of Harold Ickes, Mickey
 Kantor, and Harry Thomasson (filming "A Place Called Hopeless?"). Everybody
 also reports that negotiations between Ken Starr and Monica L.'s lawyer
 continue.

            
               USA
 Today reports that the strategy includes Clinton issuing a fresh denial
 at 10 AM (ET) this morning at an event focusing on his child care proposals.
 The Washington Post says this move was still up for
 debate as it went to press.

            
               USAT and the Wall Street Journal state that ABC News reports that
 Clinton and Lewinsky were seen "in an intimate encounter" in the White House in
 1996. The front-page of the Los Angeles Times has this too, but with no mention
 of ABC as the source.

            The WP lead reveals that Clinton has directed his pollsters to find
 out how much the scandal has affected his standing with the public. The
 New York Times
 says an internal poll has already shown a drop of 15 percentage points.
 Independent polls mentioned in the dailies also indicate slippage. The
 Post paints a backstage picture in which anxious aides fear that the
 president is not widely believed. And, the paper says, several administration
 officials and Democrat operatives privately say they are worried that Clinton
 may not be telling the truth. Some Democratic congressional staff members tell
 the Post that Clinton's plan to omit all mention of the controversy from
 the State of the Union speech is "totally surreal."

            The NYT lead is accompanied by a large picture of Bill and Hillary
 coming out of church yesterday morning sharing a big ole laugh with the
 minister.
