
   
   
      
         
            Never Say Never?

            President Clinton's new forceful denial about Monica L. leads everywhere. At
 what might be called the tail-end of a White House event highlighting Clinton
 education and child-care proposals, with Hillary at his side, the president
 stated, "I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky. I
 never told anybody to lie. Not a single time. Never."

            All the dailies feature a picture of Bill Clinton alongside their stories
 about his denial. USA Today 's has him looking the angriest. The Washington Post says Clinton clenched his jaw and glared as
 he made his denial. USAT reports that although Clinton's statement
 itself and follow-up remarks by aides seem to make it utterly unambiguous,
 Monica Lewinsky's lawyer responded by suggesting that still, Lewinsky may say
 that she and the president engaged in an act other than intercourse. "What's
 the president's definition of sex?" he asked.

            Another development that engrosses the dailies is the news that Lewinsky's
 lawyer has given Kenneth Starr a formal statement about the testimony she could
 give in the matter in return for immunity. USAT suggests the proffer
 includes an admission of sex with Clinton, which, the paper says, an earlier
 draft did not.

            The WP says that one person who saw Clinton over the weekend quotes
 the president's response to the widely circulated story that Lewinsky received
 a dress as a gift from him: "There is no dress." But the New York Times
 front cites two sources saying that Lewinsky met privately with Clinton at the
 White House late last month. The visit is alleged to have come two weeks after
 Lewinsky was served with a subpoena in the Paula Jones case and one week before
 Lewinsky signed an affidavit swearing that she had not had a sexual
 relationship with Clinton.

            A sign of the scandal's impact: The news at the WP that a major point
 of tonight's State of the Union address will be Clinton's pitch to apply
 prospective budget surpluses to shore up Social Security couldn't make it above
 the fold.
