
   
   
      
         
            Lewinsky Outsky

            The New York Times ,
 Washington Post , and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the decision by the judge in the Paula Jones lawsuit to
 exclude all evidence relating to Monica Lewinsky. USA Today
 goes with the apparently floundering negotiations between Lewinsky's lawyers
 and Kenneth Starr. All four fronts are adorned with a fresh picture of Ms.
 Lewinsky, appearing far more sophisticated than in the previous head shot or
 the CNN reel. No doubt about it, sitting chiaroscuro in the back of a limo next
 to a criminal defense attorney is a good look.

            The Jones case ruling came, explain the papers, in response to Starr's even
 broader request to halt all of the case's fact-finding in deference to Starr's
 criminal investigation. The judge acknowledged that Lewinsky-related evidence
 might be relevant, but says it's not essential. Jones' lawyers were
 disappointed, being left in the position, observes the NYT , of not being
 able to use evidence their case helped flush out. President Clinton's suits
 liked the decision. "That's huge," said Robert Bennett in the WP . "That
 means we try the Paula Jones case and not the Monica Lewinsky case. That's
 huge, man." (The NYT has the same quote, but loses the "man.")

            Pace Hillary Clinton, the NYT points out that this legal conflict
 between the Starr and Jones camps shows that there's not a united anti-Clinton
 front.

            The LAT lead cites experts who argue that the decision has a big
 pro-Clinton upshot: if the sworn statements Clinton and Lewinsky recently gave
 to Jones' lawyers are not admissible, then they cannot be used as the basis for
 perjury or obstruction of justice charges. The LAT notes that Starr's
 office doesn't agree.

            The NYT story on the Lewinsky/Starr negotiations has
 plenty of goodies. Such as: Tripp saying Thursday night that she was present
 late one night when Clinton called Lewinsky, and that she had seen "numerous
 gifts" the two exchanged.
