
   
   
      
         
            Iraq and Roll?

            
               USA
 Today leads with the diplomatic efforts being undertaken to avoid U.S.
 military action against Iraq. The Los Angeles
 Times lead describes those efforts too, but emphasizes the nature of
 the likely U.S. military response. The Washington Post leads with Madeleine Albright's frustration
 with the Israeli-Palestinian impasse. And the New York Times
 goes with the Clinton budget strategy.

            
               USAT reports that besides Albright's whirlwind tour of the Middle
 East, Iraq-related diplomacy is also being undertaken by Russia and France.
 Also, the U.N.'s Kofi Annan has proposed loosening the strictures governing
 Iraq's oil sales as an incentive for Iraqi cooperation with U.N. inspectors and
 Albright said she supports that. Albright was in Kuwait yesterday and is bound
 for Saudi Arabia today. An AP dispatch quoted in both USAT and the WSJ
 states that the Saudis will not allow any Iraq strikes to originate from their
 country.

            
               USAT also says Newt Gingrich has signaled strong support for action
 against Saddam, while his colleague Richard Armey has stressed the need for
 prior Congressional review of any attack plan.

            The LAT lead headline is quite clear: "U.S. Would Hit Iraq Hard
 Despite the Likely Costs." But the text is anything but. High up, the reader is
 told only that the U.S. game plan calls for taking "substantial military
 action," which aims to "destroy key military props supporting Iraqi President
 Saddam Hussein and affirm principles for the post-Cold War world." Reading
 further on the front page does reveal the possibility of an expanded no-fly
 zone, but mainly yields the "information" that after the action, the U.S. will
 "put in place a post-strike program that would strengthen and potentially
 broaden the U.N. mandate inside Iraq," which the reader "learns," will
 "reconstitute" the U.N. weapons inspection team to "make it more effective as
 it searches for weapons.
