
   
   
      
         
            The Zero Effect

            
               USA
 Today leads with yesterday's U.S. and worldwide stock rally. The
 Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times lead with the balanced budget proposed yesterday by President
 Clinton--the first such in thirty years. The New York Times
 goes with Madeleine Albright's attempt to line up Saudi support for any U.S.
 military operation against Iraq.

            According to USAT , a 14 percent jump in Hong Kong's stock market on
 Monday fueled the Dow's 201 point jump. The paper also cites as a factor the
 spreading belief that President Clinton will survive his sex scandal. The rally
 also drove the S&P 500 above 1000 for the first time ever.

            The WP lead emphasizes that the Clinton balanced budget proposal bars
 substantial new spending until Social Security is fixed. The paper notes that
 in contrast to most past years, this proposed budget is not arriving on
 Capitol Hill dead on arrival. The coverage also features various negative
 reactions from the likes of Trent Lott, John Kasich, and Newt Gingrich, who is
 quoted, "This is a budget only a liberal could love." The biggest criticism is
 the budget's use of a proposed tobacco settlement to partially offset new
 domestic social spending provisions. But, says the Post , according to
 polls, these priorities generally conform to what the voters want.

            The NYT budget off-lead covers much the same ground but is a bit more
 sensitive to the political angle, saying the budget presents the president with
 "another opportunity to portray himself as absorbed in governing, and to
 deflect accusations that he had an affair.." The LAT also highlights
 political considerations, saying that the budget was "designed to give
 Democrats an upper hand in November's congressional elections and provide Vice
 President Al Gore with an edge as the 2000 presidential election
 approaches."

            The main Wall Street Journal "Politics and Policy" piece says that
 despite opening Republican potshots, there is likely to be agreement about the
 provisions dealing with child care, transportation, and tobacco taxes.
