
   
   
      
         
            Nelvis Enters the Building

            Kenneth Starr's latest moves lead at USA Today ,
 the Washington Post , and the New York Times .
 They are also the subject of a somewhat historic story at the Wall Street Journal . The Los Angeles
 Times leads with the latest developments in the Iraq situation.

            
               USAT reports that on Wednesday Starr rejected a written
 testimony-for-immunity offer from Monica Lewinsky. Before a deal can be
 reached, the paper says, Starr wants Lewinsky to submit to questioning by his
 investigators, who especially want to clarify whether or not there were any
 attempts to cover up an affair with the president. Starr particularly wants to
 find out more about what Lewinsky knows about the provenance of the "talking
 points" memo that Linda Tripp apparently received from her. The WP lead
 also says these are the main areas about which Starr wants more info.

            The LAT front doesn't cover the latest Lewinsky blips, but the other
 dailies are all over the parade of witnesses to Starr's Washington, D.C. grand
 jury. (The WP points out that Starr's rejection of Lewinsky's offer may
 reflect his confidence in what he's getting from these witnesses.) Recent
 testifiers include a Clinton friend who serves as his personal assistant, and
 the chief steward at the White House, Bayani Nelvis.

            Last night's early editions of the on-line version of the WSJ broke the news that
 Nelvis told the grand jury he'd seen President Clinton and Lewinsky alone
 together in a study adjacent to the Oval Office. After the story went on-line,
 it was picked up by at least two TV networks and then denied by Nelvis'
 attorney. The Journal also reports that Nelvis says that he told Secret
 Service personnel that he'd found and disposed of tissues with lipstick and
 other stains on them following a meeting between Clinton and Lewinsky. The
 paper says Nelvis, on the White House staff for more than 15 years, related
 this because he was personally offended.
