
   
   
      
         
            Tripped Up

            The New York Times
 leads with a bit of a bombshell about the grand jury testimony of President
 Clinton's personal secretary. The Washington Post leads with the news that Linda Tripp gave
 an affidavit about Monica Lewinsky and Kathleen Wiley to Paula Jones' lawyers.
 The top national story at the Los Angeles Times is the emerging pressure on the
 Clinton administration to not just strike against Saddam Hussein, but remove
 him. USA
 Today goes with the severe storms that are forecasted to punish both
 coasts starting today.

            According to the NYT lead, Ken Starr's quest to find out who the President
 knew and when did he know her may have gotten a big boost from the grand jury
 appearance of Betty Currie, who testified that Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky
 were sometimes alone together in the White House. Additionally, says the paper,
 the day after giving his Jones case deposition, Clinton told Currie that he had
 never been alone with Monica Lewinsky and that he had resisted her sexual
 advances.

            Also, the Times reports, Currie turned over to investigators several
 gifts that Clinton had given to Lewinsky--a dress, a brooch, and a hatpin.
 According to Lewinsky's account to Starr, after Jones' lawyers issued a
 subpoena demanding Lewinsky surrender any gifts the President gave her, she
 discussed this with Clinton and he told her if she didn't have the gifts, she
 wouldn't have to turn them over. And soon after that conversation, says the
 Times , Currie collected the items from Lewinsky. The paper also quotes a
 person who has read Clinton's deposition as saying that when asked by Jones'
 lawyers if he had given Lewinsky any gifts, the president replied that perhaps,
 but only ordinary White House souvenirs.

            The Post lead nails down the scandal's earliest known
 details. In her January 21, 1998 affidavit for Jones (still under seal but
 somehow obtained by the WP ), Tripp says Lewinsky told her of an affair
 with Clinton commencing on November 15, 1995, and that Lewinsky had played at
 least three tapes for Tripp containing Clinton's voice and showed her gifts
 from Clinton.
