
   
   
      
         
            1,001 Arabian Naughts

            Saudi Arabia's hesitance about involvement in any U.S. military action
 against Iraq is the top story at USA Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times .
 The USAT headline stresses the Saudi balk, while the headlines at the
 Post and NYT focus on the U.S. acceptance of it.

            
               USAT , like the other dailies, passes along the statement made Sunday
 by the Saudi defense minister to the effect that while his country supports
 Saddam's compliance with the U.N. inspection effort, it does not favor an
 attack on the nation or the people of Iraq. But unlike the Post and the
 Times , the paper doesn't illuminate this comment by describing the cold,
 hard military consequences. Those papers point out that the U.S. decision not
 to press the issue has meant that it has amassed much striking power elsewhere.
 The Post gives this order of battle: "F-117 stealth aircraft and A-10
 fighter jets at Kuwait's Jabir Air Base, B-1 bombers and F-16 and F-15 fighter
 jets at Bahrain's Sheik Isa Airfield, F-14 and F-18 fighter jets on two
 carriers, cruise missiles on a number of other ships and B-52 bombers on the
 British island of Diego Garcia." (Wonder if this means anything to the average
 reader. Wonder if it means anything to the Post : the A-10 isn't a
 fighter and the F-18 is a fighter-bomber.) The Post further explains
 that the Saudi stance is also a diplomatic blow, denying the U.S. a potential
 signal of allied unity.

            The Post says the Saudi stance has to do with its aversion to
 involvement with any U.S. attack that doesn't have the objective of eliminating
 Saddam. But the paper delays explaining the logic until the story's 15th
 paragraph: The Saudis are afraid that a mere air campaign will leave behind a
 Hussein vengeful towards Gulf neighbors that supported it.

            The NYT points out Saudi Arabia will probably grant fly-over
 privileges to American bombers taking off from elsewhere.
