
   
   
      
         
            Marcia Mellows

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with the grand jury appearance of
 Monica's mom. But to the New York
 Times and Los Angeles Times there's something much sexier than the
 presidential love Jones--the Dow Jones. The NYT lead reports that
 American households have more of their fortunes invested in the stock market
 than at any time in the last 50 years, and maybe ever.

            
               USAT reports that Marcia Lewis (nee Lewinsky) is due back in the
 grand jury room today after being compelled to answer questions yesterday about
 her daughter's relationship with President Clinton. The paper reports that
 according to some people in the know, Lewis was "aware of a relationship
 between Lewinsky and the president." Also, that Lewis was aware her daughter
 was "infatuated" with Clinton. Lewinsky is scheduled to appear before the same
 grand jury later this week. And the dailies all quote her lawyer's comment that
 she will testify if his attempts to quash the grand jury subpoena are
 unsuccessful. "She has," says William Ginsburg, "no intention of falling on her
 sword." Note to Ginsburg: ixnay on the sword metaphors.

            The WP adds that Lewis was privy to Lewinsky's taped account of her
 relationship with Clinton, and that her reaction to her daughter's attempt to
 conceal it from outsiders was, "What's the big deal? So she lied and convinced
 someone else to lie." The paper effortlessly ticks off several of the scandal's
 other new poontangents: a federal judge's denial of Clinton's request for a
 speed-up of the Paula Jones case, another federal judge's allowing Kenneth
 Starr to get his hands on a sealed deposition made by the allegedly
 lipstick-smeared and disheveled Oval Office visitor Kathleen Willey, and the
 turn-over to Starr of boxes of Jones case materials about yet other women
 thought linked to Clinton.

            But the Post goes a bit overboard with 120-plus words on an alleged
 conversation between Lewis and Lewinsky's former White House supervisor that
 reveal nothing about the conversation except that it lasted less than five
 minutes and was not confrontational.
