
   
   
      
         
            Today's Special

            What's so special about special prosecutors these days? USA Today and
 the Los
 Angeles Times lead with Janet Reno's decision to ask that one be
 appointed to investigate if Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt's decision to
 reject a casino application opposed by major Democratic party contributors had
 any connection to subsequent donations they made. The New York Times
 leads with Kenneth Starr's unprecedented subpoenaing of members of President
 Clinton's Secret Service detail. The Washington Post goes with the revelation that U.N. weapons
 inspectors have uncovered evidence that in 1995 Russia had agreed to sell Iraq
 sophisticated equipment that could be used to develop biological weapons. This
 disclosure, says the WP , puts a new spin on Russia's recent diplomatic
 efforts to modify the inspection procedures applying to Iraq: perhaps they are
 designed, not to head off a war, but to keep such mass destruction fingerprints
 from being lifted.

            Our grandchildren may look back at this as the year when the branch of the
 Cabinet known as Special Prosecutions started on its way to becoming the
 largest single entity in the federal government (Motto: "The Purpose of
 Government is to Investigate Government"). USAT and the NYT (in
 its front-page piece) note this is Reno's fourth request for a special
 prosecutor looking into a Clinton Cabinet officer and the Times adds
 it's the sixth one appointed overall during the Clinton administration. The
 Times goes on to observe that this is the first Clinton-era outside
 inquiry into political fund-raising. (You'll recall Reno declined to go the
 special prosecutor route over Clinton-Gore coffees and phone calls.)

            The papers all emphasize, however, that Reno's request is "very narrow in
 scope" (the NYT 's words). And the LAT says any subsequent
 broadening of this mandate would be "unusual." Hmmm.perhaps someone should
 check this with that key figure in 1970s Arkansas real estate deals, Monica
 Lewinsky.
