
   
   
      
         
            America Discovers Columbus

            The Los
 Angeles Times , Washington Post , and New York Times
 all lead with the raucous reception the top Clinton foreign policy figures were
 surprised to receive when they appeared at a town-hall-style discussion of Iraq
 in Columbus, Ohio. USA Today , which runs Columbus as its off-lead, goes with
 Ken Starr's questioning of President Clinton's key advisor, Bruce Lindsey.
 USAT says Lindsey's five-hour grand jury appearance Wednesday included
 testimony about past telephone conversations with Linda Tripp. The questioning
 apparently set off a special conference with a judge about whether or not aides
 like Lindsey are protected by executive privilege, although USAT says
 that the White House has not invoked it.

            The in-studio Columbus audience of about 6,000 served up what the LAT
 calls a "raucous, emotional debate that showed a nation far from convinced of
 the administration's course in the Persian Gulf." Or as the WP puts it,
 the Clinton team of William Cohen, Madeleine Albright, and Sandy Berger came
 for a seminar, but "ran into a rumble." The Post reports that during
 commercial breaks, while the startled Clintonites held whispered conferences,
 aides fanned out into the noisy parts of the arena to calm those (numbering
 about 200, guesses the Times ) chanting "We don't want your racist war."
 Some of the most aggressive hecklers were carried outside.

            The Post serves up an acute description of what transpired: the
 administration reps found themselves caught between opposing passions (about
 being two tough on Iraq, about not being tough enough) armed only with a
 largely passionless argument. The paper notes a simple example of the
 predicament: Cohen waved about a photo of a mother and infant killed by Iraqi
 chemical warfare while arguing against deposing or killing Hussein.

            The juxtaposition on the Post top-front is striking: "Top Aides
 shouted down at 'Town Meeting' on Iraq" cheek-by-jowl with "The Guys are
 Pumped," over a story about the stealth fighter crews massing in Kuwait.
