
   
   
      
         
            Goodbye, Columbus?

            The Washington Post and New York Times
 lead with the Clinton administration's post-Columbus moves to shore up public
 support for its Iraq stance, with the Post reporting that critics of a
 U.S. air assault now include Jimmy Carter. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with the brewing dispute between Kenneth Starr and senior
 Clinton aides he is questioning over whether or not they are relieved from
 answering by executive privilege. USA Today
 leads with the arrest of two men, one of them a neo-Nazi, for possession of
 suspected anthrax for use as a weapon. Allegedly, the men were plotting to
 deploy the agent in the New York City subway system--yeah right, like anthrax
 could survive that. The anthrax story also makes the NYT and LAT
 fronts, but is pushed inside at the WP .

            The WP reports that President Clinton warned Saddam Hussein not to mistake the
 skeptical questions raised at the raucous Columbus forum as a sign that
 Americans lack resolve for military action. This comment came, says the
 Post , as a new poll shows 63 percent of respondents support bombing Iraq
 if it doesn't stop interfering with weapons inspectors. The poll's fine points
 are a little more confusing, however. 56 percent of the respondents say the
 U.S. should try to force Saddam from power, but 56 percent also say they oppose
 a U.S. invasion with ground troops. This sort of free-lunch result is an
 American polling staple--it's just like all those polls that show folks want a
 balanced budget, but not higher taxes or reduced Social Security or Medicare
 benefits.

            The NYT 's coverage of the hearts and mind stage of the
 Iraq run-up suggests more of an uphill battle than does the WP 's: "A day
 after U.S. policy toward Iraq was passionately picked apart at a town hall
 meeting in Ohio, President Clinton tried to reassemble the pieces.."

            The NYT reports this comment on the Columbus protests made by Sen.
 Barbara Mikulski of Maryland to Clinton as he appeared with her at an event on
 Thursday: "You and the first lady weren't exactly angelic a couple of years
 ago.
