
   
   
      
         
            Kofi Break?

            The late Sunday movement in the Iraq crisis is everybody's lead. USA Today
 says that U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan will arrive in New York today from
 Baghdad, bringing with him an agreement that may avert a second Gulf War. The
 Los
 Angeles Times reports the breakthrough came via a dramatic, three-hour
 bargaining session between Annan and Saddam Hussein. The Washington Post says Annan will present the document he and
 Hussein already signed Monday (Baghdad time) to the Security Council in New
 York on Tuesday. Written details were not available at press time (and
 USAT notes that U.S. officials aren't sure that Annan could speak
 frankly about it to anyone while he remained in Iraq where phone lines are not
 secure), but the dailies are reporting that Hussein has agreed to open his
 presidential palaces to U.N. weapons inspectors--the sticking point that has
 brought the U.S. to the brink of warfare. More than the other papers, the
 New York Times
 emphasizes that much seems to remain unresolved for the moment--the number of
 sites covered may actually be limited, it reports.

            According to the coverage, the newly brokered agreement lacks something the
 Iraqis had previously insisted on--a time limit on inspections of the
 presidential locations. And in return, the U.N. agrees to provide diplomats
 from various countries who would accompany the weapons inspectors. Even if the
 Security Council approves the deal, notes the WP , Washington has
 reserved the right to bomb Iraq. And White House spokesman Mike McCurry is
 widely quoted as noncommittal. But, says the Post , Annan is confident
 that all members of the Council, including the U.S., will accept the deal. One
 administration concern the Post passes along: that Annan may not have
 insisted on the right of inspectors to make repeat visits to the presidential
 palaces.

            The NYT emphasizes that the agreement apparently does not address the
 issue of other presidential properties not on Baghdad's list of eight.
