
   
   
      
         
            Organ-ized Crime?

            The U.S. reaction to the U.N.-brokered Iraq deal is the consensus top story.
 The papers report that President Clinton gave his tentative OK to it, but also
 that he will keep the built-up U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf region to make
 sure Iraq keeps up its end. It's also noted all around that in his remarks
 yesterday, Clinton reserved the right to respond in the "manner of our own
 choosing" to any Iraqi breach of the new accord.

            The actual details of the deal are still somewhat unclear, but it has
 emerged that the U.N. weapons inspectors will be accompanied by diplomats--as
 yet unidentified-- in their tours of the disputed Iraqi presidential sites. The
 Washington Post reports that some U.S. and U.N.
 officials said that the proposed arrangement implicitly supports the Iraqi
 critique of the original inspection set-up. But perhaps more telling, the paper
 also reports that the president's senior advisors expressed relief at the
 last-minute veer away from an air war. And that includes military advisors, one
 of whom is quoted, "We had a tough time seeing where this was going to take
 us."

            In a New York Times
 front-page "news analysis" piece, R.W. Apple states that Clinton didn't have
 much choice about the U.N. deal because he was unwilling from the start to
 contemplate a campaign that would drive Hussein from power, but only one that
 would make him submit to U.N. authority.

            The Times has the most reporting on the domestic political reaction
 to the deal, stating that some Republicans charge that Clinton has abdicated
 the making of foreign policy to the U.N., and that the general mood in Congress
 was caution and skepticism. Trent Lott is quoted as being concerned that the
 administration had "subcontracted its foreign policy to [the U.N.'s Kofi]
 Annan." Surprisingly, Newt Gingrich said he didn't have those qualms.
 Democratic Senator John Kerry articulates the central worry: "How do we avoid
 this ratcheting up on an annual basis?
