
   
   
      
         
            Peace Annan?

            The ongoing U.S. assessment of the U.N.-brokered Iraq deal leads at USAT and
 the WP. The national edition of the NYT goes with a Senate vote that keeps
 alive a campaign fund-raising reform bill (the metro edition of the
 Times goes with a state court decision that gives New York City the
 right to kick topless joints and sex shops out of Times Square). The LAT lead
 is El Nino rainstorms that have killed six in California, while the paper's
 off-lead is the news that Kenneth Starr will prosecute White House officials if
 he believes they have spread false information about his staff. The stance,
 says the paper, amounts to an escalation of the confrontation with the Clinton
 administration to "frenetic proportions."

            
               USAT reports that the U.N. Security Council delayed voting on the
 Iraq agreement after pressing Secretary-General Kofi Annan on several points.
 The big unresolved issues, says the paper: the role of the diplomats who would
 now accompany weapons inspectors on their rounds, the inspectors' chain of
 command now, and whether or not the agreement's nod to respecting Iraqi
 sovereignty could interfere with inspections. The WP says the U.S. fears
 the new inspection organization will be more susceptible than its predecessor
 to outside political pressures. In response, says the Post , Annan
 telephoned President Clinton yesterday, reassuring him that inspections will
 remain controlled by technical experts.

            The WP also reports that the U.S. wants the U.N. resolution to
 automatically declare Iraq in breach of the agreement if it resumes its
 obstructive ways. The WP runs the text of the deal signed by Annan and
 Hussein, and the language is surprisingly clear. "Today's Papers" has had
 apartment leases that were harder to follow--and longer.

            The NYT front runs a nice piece of access journalism detailing how
 President Clinton, and his top national security aides, especially Madeleine
 Albright, contributed to the ultimate details of the Annan/Hussein deal.
