
   
   
      
         
            Thanks--a Lott

            USAT and the LAT lead with a Supreme Court decision placing new restrictions
 on credit union membership. The WP leads with Kenneth Starr's latest
 animadversions. And the NYT goes with Sen. Trent Lott's call for the rejection
 of the Kofi Annan-brokered accord with Iraq.

            The USAT , LAT and WSJ pieces (as well as a piece on the front
 of the NYT national edition) explain that the credit union decision
 decides a simmering conflict between those organizations and banks in favor of
 the latter. Banks had been claiming that credit unions, which enjoy tax-exempt
 status based on their origins as volunteer-run cooperatives, have, by wildly
 expanding their memberships beyond simple company or vocational affiliation (71
 million members, more than double the 1991 total), been able to unfairly
 compete for customers. Yesterday, by a 5-4 vote, the Court agreed, even though
 consumer advocates complain that this portends bad news for customers, who've
 benefited from the downward fee pressures credit unions provide.

            The LAT credit union effort attributes a quotation to "the American
 Bankers Assn. and four other banking groups." Not to a spokesman for those
 organizations, but to the groups themselves. "Today's Papers" guesses this is a
 telltale sign of writing the reaction part of the story from a press release.
 It would be far better to interview an actual person instead, if only because
 you can't ask a press release follow-up questions.

            The WP lead reports that yesterday, Starr lashed out at the
 "avalanche of lies" spread about his staff and defended his decision to
 subpoena Clinton loyalists to determine if they have been spreading derogatory
 information about his office. Meanwhile, says the Post , his grand jury
 investigation focused on Monica Lewinsky's federal job history, with a
 potential wrangle over the possible invoking of executive privilege by certain
 senior Clinton aides still on hold.
