
   
   
      
         
            McCain Mutiny

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 lead with the failure in the Senate of the Feingold-McCain campaign reform
 bill, which would have barred the national political parties from trafficking
 in "soft money." The Los Angeles Times goes with the federal indictment of eight
 California corrections officials suspected of conspiracy and cover-up in
 connection with various improprieties concerning inmates, including a
 suspicious death.

            The Feingold-McCain defeat came Thursday at the hands of a Republican-led
 filibuster. This was, in the words of USAT , "nearly a replay" of the
 bill's fate last fall. The repetitive outcome, showed, says the paper, that a
 year of publicity about the excesses of political fund-raising had "failed to
 change a single senator's mind."

            The bills' opponents, led by Sen. Trent Lott and Sen. Mitch McConnell, argue
 that new fund-raising limitations amount to an infringement on free speech. But
 McConnell gives away the game in telling the NYT that three groups that
 provide what he calls "valuable grass-roots support" (=soft money) had strongly
 opposed the reform bill. The three: the National Rifle Association, the
 Christian Coalition, and the National Right to Life Committee. The Times
 goes on to point out that while for the past year, Senate Republicans had put
 the spotlight on President Clinton's more unseemly fund-raising efforts, they
 have fiercely resisted any legislative fix that would cancel their fund-raising
 advantage, which USAT spells out: $40.2 million in soft money, compared
 to the Democrats' $33.3 million. The WP and NYT both report that
 Democrats intend to run on the issue in the fall congressional elections.
 Everybody quotes Sen. John McCain's reason for believing that eventually,
 public pressure for change will increase: "There will be more scandals, more
 indictments and more people going to jail."

            There's another LAT front-page story about jail abuses: the L.
