
   
   
      
         
            Roll, Jordan, Roll

            
               USA
 Today leads with Kofi Annan's politically-loaded cancellation of a trip
 to Washington. The Washington Post goes with the weekend call by several
 Clinton allies for Kenneth Starr to abandon his Whitewater inquiry. The
 New York Times
 leads with the first big test for the balanced budget--the pork-lined
 transportation bill. And the Los Angeles Times leads with another in its series
 of important stories on the L.A. County Sheriff's Department--this time it's
 news of a major bribery scheme involving food contracts for the county
 jail.

            Kofi Annan was, says USAT , to be in Washington today to meet with
 President Clinton and "bask in praise for ending the threat of war with Iraq."
 But, U.N. officials told the paper, he postponed his trip after Sen. Trent
 Lott, who last week harshly criticized the deal Annan brokered with Iraq, said
 he didn't have time to meet with him. (Idea for editors: report on Lott's
 schedule for this week. It would be interesting to see how many fundraisers and
 meetings with lobbyists he manages to fit in.)

            The WP lead notes that on weekend yap shows, White House advisor Rahm
 Emmanuel and Sen. Patrick Leahy called on Starr to wind up Whitewater, and that
 three Republican senators also expressed guarded criticism of him. Emmanuel
 stopped short of saying Starr should resign, but Leahy said, "Sure he should,"
 adding that he is "totally out of control." The paper reports that over the
 weekend Arlen Specter, John McCain and Orrin Hatch each questioned Starr's
 calling in Sidney Blumenthal to question him in front of a grand jury about his
 press contacts. The idea that Starr has blown it is explored in a large piece
 inside the Times and was also the subject of an LAT front-pager
 on Sunday.

            The NYT notes that the transportation bill before the Senate is such
 a big challenge to the balanced budget because it provides goodies to every
 congressional district in the country.
