
   
   
      
         
            Annan-omous Threat

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 lead with the U.N. Security Council's OK of the weapons inspection deal agreed
 to last week by Kofi Annan and Saddam Hussein. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with President Clinton's criticism of the congressional
 movement towards a radical overhaul of the tax code.

            The Security Council voted 15-0 to approve the Annan deal, which opens up
 eight of Saddam's presidential sites to U.N. inspectors. The papers report that
 debate focused mainly on what would happen if Saddam reneges. The U.S. and
 Britain wanted the Council to authorize automatic military action as part of
 the accord, while other member countries, led by France, Russia, and China, did
 not. In the end, there was no mention of automatic military moves, but merely a
 warning of "the severest consequences." USAT and the WP stress
 the U.N.'s warning, while the NYT stresses the U.S. failure to get
 inclusion of an automatic attack. Despite this difference, everybody reports
 that the U.S. position is that it doesn't need further approval for a strike if
 the deal is abrogated.

            The Post reports that the U.N.'s resolution reiterates the intention
 to consider ending the economic sanctions on Iraq once its weapons of mass
 destruction have been eliminated. This news seems too important to leave to the
 last paragraph, though.

            The LAT lead reports on a speech President Clinton gave Monday
 in which he denounced the current vogue for wiping out the U.S. tax code in
 favor of a radically new system. Clinton called the approach "misguided,
 reckless and irresponsible," warning that it could imperil the economy. "No one
 concerned about fighting crime would even think about saying, 'Well, three
 years from now we're going to throw out the criminal code and we'll figure out
 what to put in its place,'" the paper quotes Clinton as saying. "But that is
 exactly what some people in Congress are proposing to do.
