
   
   
      
         
            Gates at the Barbarians

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Starr grand jury appearance of Vernon Jordan. The
 Washington Post leads with the first-time-ever
 congressional testimony of Bill Gates. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with the report that the U.N.-approved oil-for-food
 exceptions to the trade sanctions on Iraq have primarily benefited Saddam
 Hussein and his inner circle. The New York Times
 leads with the strong showing of a Hindu nationalist party in the Indian
 parliamentary elections. Neither the LAT nor NYT leads make
 anybody else's front page. Jordan and Gates, on the other hand, get lots of
 attention everywhere.

            It's widely reported that Jordan testified for more than five hours, and
 that he answered every question--mostly about the nature of the career planning
 assistance he extended to Monica L. as a favor to the president. USAT
 says Jordan's appearance marks a "pivotal stage" in the Lewinsky investigation.
 The WP and NYT stress that Jordan's courthouse-steps affirmation
 of his friendship with President Clinton was mighty reassuring to the White
 House. Both the WP and NYT note the fancy Jordan security
 arrangements--the Post calls them "almost royal treatment." He ate his
 lunch ("hearty vegetable soup"--thanks WP ) surrounded by three federal
 bodyguards, just a few tables over from the unguarded prosecutors who had been
 grilling him.

            The WP lead says that Gates was "assailed" at the hearings, for
 suppressing competition, by some of the business rivals he appeared with, as
 well as by some senators. Gates' response that government intervention, not his
 company, is the big threat to technological innovation, is widely quoted. But
 hearing chairman Sen. Orrin Hatch opined afterwards that Microsoft is a
 monopoly. An idea, says the LAT , Gates "scoffs" at.

            The Post points out that the Senate doesn't even allow laptop
 computers in its chamber, but that nonetheless some of the questioning of Gates
 by Hatch had a "laser-like precision.
