
   
   
      
         
            White House of Blues

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 all lead with the latest developments in the White House sex scandal. The
 Los
 Angeles Times goes another way, leading with the latest developments in
 the White House money scandal (remember?).

            The Lewinsky matter moved Thursday on several fronts, which get covered to
 varying degrees. The USAT lead reports that while denying any
 obstruction of justice, Jordan said that he kept Bill Clinton informed about
 his efforts to land Monica Lewinsky a private-sector job. USAT also has
 the Post traumatic distress syndrome of Robert Bennett, one of Clinton's
 private lawyers, as well as word that Ginsburg and Starr squared off before a
 federal judge, but in both regards it leaves important details out. You have to
 read the Post to learn that Bennett not only viewed the WP
 deposition leak as "reckless, reprehensible and unethical" but also that he
 said, "We are going to seek relief in court on this...." (Apparently, Bennett
 didn't elaborate and the Post wasn't about to--after all, it's the
 WP 's source Bennett is talking about going after.) And to learn that the
 point of the closed hearing was so Ginsburg could try to convince a judge to
 make Starr abide by a preliminary agreement to extend immunity to Lewinsky in
 return for her testimony.

            Both the WP and NYT describe the wild scene outside the
 courthouse, mobbed with press and topped off with anti-Clinton protestors
 chanting, "Five-six-seven-eight! Married men don't date!"

            The two papers also detail Clinton's hot reaction to Thursday's Post
 scoop: "the court has made it absolutely clear it is illegal to leak and
 discuss" his deposition. Both papers report that all players in the
 controversy--including Ken Starr and Paula Jones' lawyers--deny leaking the
 depo. Also, the LAT front reports that Clinton "sternly refused" to
 explain Thursday why in his deposition, he said he warned Monica L.
