
   
   
      
         
            Whitewatershed?

            
               USA
 Today leads with the death of James McDougal. The Washington Post goes with the upcoming return grand jury
 appearance of Betty Currie. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with Madeleine Albright seeking a tough stance on Serbian
 violence in Yugoslavia. And the New York Times
 goes with drawing the basic Capitol Hill battle lines regarding the upcoming
 surplus budget. The Times says a rift has opened between House
 Republicans, who continue to aggressively opt for tax cuts, and Senate
 Republicans, who are more apt to go along with the basic thrust of the Clinton
 budget plan.

            The death of McDougal on Sunday, of a heart attack in the prison where he
 was serving his Whitewater sentence, is widely viewed as trouble for Ken Starr.
 USAT says it means the end for Starr of a steady stream of information
 on the Clintons' business and political activities. The LAT front-page
 McDougal piece says his death could be a "setback." USAT calls McDougal
 a "dashing eccentric." The WP calls him a "wily Arkansas banking
 rogue."

            Everybody quotes President Clinton's statement of condolence: "I have good
 memories of the years we worked together in Arkansas, and I extend my
 condolences to his family." The USAT and the WP (in its "Style"
 section profile) mention that the White House statement notably lacked any
 expression of sympathy from Hillary Clinton. The Post says there is a
 McDougal book on the way titled "Arkansas Mischief."

            Last Friday's NYT lead set out the meaning of the WP 's Clinton
 deposition scoop from the day before: that the president's secretary, Betty
 Currie, had become the central character in his accounts of all his dealings
 with Monica Lewinsky. It apparently took several days for that to sink in at
 the Post , where today's lead makes essentially the same point. The paper's
 quotes this gender- and religion-confused defense of Currie offered by Jesse
 Jackson: "Betty Currie isn't a lone gunman shooting from the hips.
