
   
   
      
         
            Willey, Adversary

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with the grand jury appearance of
 Kathleen Willey. The New York
 Times covers the Willey questioning in its lead too, but goes higher in
 the story with the news that President Clinton may be headed for a grand jury
 appearance himself. The Los Angeles Times leads with the news that the INS
 announced that none of a new batch of Border Patrol agents is being assigned to
 San Diego--because the agency feels that illegal immigration there has "reached
 a level of control." The paper notes that some Southern Californians, including
 some area politicians, dispute this, noting that while San Diego's illegal
 entries seem to have dropped, nearby areas of inland California have seen their
 illegal immigration arrests skyrocket.

            Yesterday's WP said that Willey was coming to the Starr grand jury,
 but nobody predicted this soon. The papers seize on various indications that in
 Willey, Starr seems to have at last found a cooperative witness, noting that
 she did not appear to have her own lawyer with her ( USAT ), that she
 arrived in a Starr van (the WP ), and was accompanied inside the
 courthouse by prosecutors (the WP and NYT ). The WP notes the White House projected an air of
 unconcern, quoting spokesman Joe Lockhart's comment: "When people tell the
 truth, they tell the truth. It doesn't matter who drove you there." But the
 Post also notes that the White House was mum about how Willey, a
 clerical volunteer, managed to wangle the private appointment in November, 1993
 with Clinton to discuss her husband's financial troubles and her sudden need
 for a job, during which, she charges in her Jones case deposition, he groped
 her.

            The Post observes that Willey's appearance indicates Starr is
 widening his investigation beyond the allegations involving Monica Lewinsky to
 determine whether President Clinton has testified truthfully in his Paula Jones
 deposition about other women as well.
