
   
   
      
         
            The Marines Should Have Landed

            
               USA
 Today leads with an unprecedented court decision reinstalling in the
 Miami mayor's office the former incumbent defeated at the polls last November.
 The Washington Post leads with the finding by military
 accident investigators that the crew of a Marine jet was at fault in the deaths
 of twenty civilians in the Alps last month. The New York Times
 leads with word that the American Stock Exchange and the National Association
 of Securities Dealers are discussing a stock exchange merger. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with California Gov. Pete Wilson's executive abolition of
 affirmative action in the awarding of state contracts. Wilson's announcement
 came just days after the courts said such a move would be legal.

            The WP reports that accident investigators found that the Marine jet was flying too
 low--only 300 to 400 feet when it was supposed to be at 2,000-- and too
 fast--more than 100 miles per hour over the prescribed limit for the
 route--when it struck that Italian cable car wire. (By the way, the Post
 is wrong to say the plane was going "100 knots per hour" too fast--a "knot" is
 a (nautical) mile per hour.) As a result, says the paper, they recommend that
 the crew face "some sort of punishment." The NYT , LAT , and
 USAT are, in their front-page pieces on the finding, all clearer about
 what kind: court-martial and prison. In addition, say the papers, superiors in
 the aviators' chain of command are also likely to be subject to further
 administrative action. Everybody notes that authorities hope the tough stance
 will ease Italian demands to try the aviators in the Italian courts.

            None of the papers are very clear on why not only the pilot but also the
 other officers in the plane's crew could plausibly be held accountable. None
 mentions that the EA6B only has one set of flight controls and that therefore
 the three electronic warfare officers on board cannot control the plane's
 speed, altitude or course.
