
   
   
      
         
            Oldies but Goodies
            

            Dear Chris,

            Yes, I loved the anecdote about Bob Dylan's mishearing "I can't hide" as "I
 get high." And you're right about how easy it is to get caught up in the sound
 and supply your own meanings. Rock can be almost pure Keatsian negative
 capability. For weeks in 1985 I thought the big Tears for Fears song was
 "Everybody Wants To Live Alone." And for a good two decades--until about six
 months ago, in fact--I listened to one of my favorite Tom Waits songs, "I Wish
 I Was in New Orleans (In the Ninth Ward)," thinking the Ninth Ward was a wing
 of Bellevue rather than a neighborhood in New Orleans. All this time I
 knew what the Ninth Ward was--and the song is about New Orleans.
 But my Will to Narrative, as Nietzsche might have called it, was stronger than
 my ear.

            My favorite such story, often told in the drug-dimmed dorm rooms of my
 youth, was that Ralf Hutter (of Kraftwerk) wrote "(Wir fahren, fahren, fahren
 auf der) Autobahn" after mishearing the Beach Boys' "Fun, Fun, Fun" as "She'll
 have fahren, fahren, fahren till her daddy takes her T-Bird away." I
 have always assumed it to be totally apocryphal. On the other hand, it makes
 perfect sense.

            The Dylan anecdote reminds me that the book is chock-a-block with excellent
 tidbits--some familiar, most not--and it would be unfair to let the week pass
 without sharing a few favorites:

            

               Carl Perkins wrote "Blue Suede Shoes" never having seen the word "suede" in
 print. ("Blue Swaed Shoes," he called it.)

               Listen to the mere stage names of the overproduced Liverpudlian rock studs
 who preceded the Beatles: Tommy Steele, Marty Wilde, Billy Fury, Rory
 Storm.

               Dick Clark had no particular interest in the rock he was promoting, or in
 music whatsoever. When, shortly before appearing on Edward R. Murrow's
 Person to Person , he was told that Murrow would want to ask about a
 record collection, he had to borrow one.
