
   
   
      
         
            Gore Tech

            
               USA
 Today leads with the Senate's passage of a huge transportation-funding
 plan, 38 percent larger than the one currently in effect. The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with the announcement that U.S. cancer rates have
 declined in the past five years, reversing the trend of the previous twenty.
 The Washington Post goes with the revelation that last
 fall, just weeks after gaining China's pledge to halt assistance to Iran's
 nuclear programs (elicited in return for allowing American firms to sell
 nuclear reactors to China), the Clinton administration discovered and protested
 China's secret negotiations with Iran regarding shipping it material used to
 make weapons-grade uranium.

            The coverage of the transportation bill, which includes an LAT
 front-pager and a piece inside the WP , generally stresses that its rich
 provisions could be a budget buster. But the NYT front-page piece emphasizes a "little-noticed
 provision" (noticed, however, also by USAT ) that would let employers
 give workers up to $65 a month in tax-free mass-transit benefits (in the form,
 for instance, of subway tokens and bus passes). This could, says the
 Times , sharply cut the cost of train, bus and subway travel in New York
 and elsewhere.

            The NYT notes that experts attribute the decline in new cancer cases
 to changes in behavior, most notably a drop in smoking, and the decline in
 deaths to increased screening and better therapies, but the paper also observes
 that these positive trends are not equally benefiting all Americans.
 "Minorities and women," says the Times , "remain particularly at risk."
 While the USAT and WP front-page cancer pieces mention this, the
 LAT cancer lead doesn't mention it before the "jump" to the inside.
 Also, according to the graphic accompanying the NYT story, the biggest
 increase seen in the most recent data is for melanoma of the skin, yet this
 type of cancer isn't mentioned at all in the Times story proper.
