
   
   
      
         
            Papal Bull

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with the White House response to
 Kathleen Willey. The New York
 Times leads with the Vatican's official repentance regarding the mass
 killings of Jews during World War II. And the Los Angeles
 Times goes with the news that the first three University of California
 campuses to generate admissions statistics since the system abandoned
 affirmative action have seen their black and Latino acceptance rates
 plummet.

            Yesterday's White House response to Willey was primarily two-fold: a strong
 denial from President Clinton, and the release of a raft of friendly letters
 Willey sent to the White House after the date she alleges she was groped by
 Clinton. In one letter, widely quoted, she calls herself Clinton's "number one
 fan." In another, Willey asks to be appointed to an ambassadorship. The
 NYT says some of the letters were "effusive." And a piece inside
 USAT says they "do not suggest a woman who felt betrayed." (There was
 also the effort of Clinton's personal lawyer, Robert Bennett, noted by the
 NYT and USAT , to portray Willey as mercenary for trying to land a
 book deal.)

            None of the day's coverage of the Willey letters pays the slightest heed to
 the well-known phenomenon of even physically abused women having trouble
 expressing their animosity towards their abusers or physically separating from
 them. It's as if nobody in the entire press corps remembers that Nicole Brown
 Simpson moved back in with O.J. after those pictures were taken of her pummeled
 face.

            Despite the six-cylinder spin cycle, USAT says that "there was no
 ignoring the dark mood that settled over the White House" in Willey's wake. The
 paper noted a rare moment of anger by Mike McCurry, who lashed out at a
 reporter who asked him whether Clinton had ever received psychological
 treatment or counseling for risky and reckless behavior.

            The WP lead makes that point that when originally
 confronted with the Willey charges, Clinton released a statement saying that he
 had "no specific recollection" of meeting with her, but that his current denial
 is based on "a very clear memory" of the meeting.
