
   
   
      
         
            Mississippi Learning

            
               USA
 Today leads with President Clinton's criticism Tuesday of health
 insurers for making it too difficult for people who switch or lose their jobs
 to get coverage. The Washington Post leads with oil prices hitting a ten-year
 low. The New York Times
 goes with the Senate Republicans' proposed budget and its rejection of
 Clinton's domestic spending priorities. The Los Angeles
 Times lead is that California thrift institution Home Savings is being
 bought by Seattle-based Washington Mutual, creating the nation's
 seventh-largest financial institution. But the paper's off-lead is probably the
 bigger story: The earthquake hazard facing Southern California may only be half
 as great as scientists had been saying, and it's very unlikely that the region
 will ever experience that staple of Los Angeles small talk, the 8.0 quake, aka
 The Big One.

            
               USAT reports that Clinton has asked HHS Secretary Donna Shalala to
 look into strengthening a 1996 law aimed at helping people between jobs keep
 their health coverage. The main problem, says the paper, is that the law
 doesn't control how much companies can charge for such gap coverage, so they
 are tending to make it prohibitive.

            Following up on the USAT lead from just over a week ago, the
 WP lead reports that oil prices have gone down into the $13 a barrel
 neighborhood, a true boon to the U.S. economy. Adjusted for inflation, this is
 the lowest price since the energy crisis in the 1970s. The reasons given are
 the same ones offered in the papers last week: a mild winter here and in
 Europe, a slowdown in Asian demand and the unwillingness by two of OPEC's
 biggest producers, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela, to cut production. A bit further
 below in the story is the reason for that: they are trying to gain market share
 via low prices.

            The Senate Budget Committee proposed a Republican fiscal blueprint that,
 says the NYT , rejects nearly all of President Clinton's calls for
 increased spending in such areas as education, child care and health care,
 choosing instead to put the proceeds of any tobacco settlement into Medicare.
