
   
   
      
         
            House Call

            
               USA
 Today leads with the tough prison sentence given to an ex-aide to Mike
 Espy and what it might mean to the dramatis personae of the Clinton sex
 scandal. The Washington Post leads with word that Newt Gingrich and
 House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde agreed yesterday to form a small
 group of House members that would check to see if Kenneth Starr's investigation
 has accumulated evidence of an impeachable offense. The national edition of the
 New York Times
 goes with the conclusion by a panel of educational experts that both
 old-fashioned phonics and new-fashioned "whole-language" methods are valuable
 for teaching reading. The metro edition of the Times leads with the
 unanimous decision by the New York City Board of Education to require
 elementary school kids to wear uniforms. The top national story in the metro
 edition is the president's criticism of the GOP budget. The Los Angeles
 Times lead continues the close look the paper has been taking lately at
 local and state prisons. On the heels of indictments of prison officials in
 connection with an inmate death at Corcoran prison, the paper reports that
 federal investigators are now looking into assaults and slayings of inmates at
 two other state facilities.

            The judge in the Espy aide case ignored the sentencing guideline
 recommendation of probation to hand down a 27-month sentence for lying, and
 while doing so, referred darkly to a "Hollywood" lawyer and others who have
 suggested that lying under oath in a civil case isn't a big deal. USAT
 implies the "Hollywood" tag was meant to refer to Monica Lewinsky's Los
 Angeles-based lawyer, William Ginsburg. The paper concludes the judge wanted to
 "send a message to key players in the White House intern scandal." The sentence
 is also covered inside at the WP .

            According to the Post , the House select group agreed to by Gingrich and Hyde would
 include Democrats and will probably examine Starr's evidence at Starr's office
 to avoid the leaky consequences of the House of Representatives rule making
 material in the files of any standing committee available to any member.
