
   
   
      
         
            Sexual Positioning

            
               USA
 Today leads with Kathleen Willey's lawyer's defense of her motives in
 coming forward. The Washington Post leads with the apparent intention of
 President Clinton's lawyer in the Paula Jones case, Robert Bennett, to submit
 material to the trial judge today covering Jones' past sex life to rebut her
 claim in her previous filings that her alleged encounter with Clinton left her
 with an alleged "sexual aversion injury." The Post notes that not too
 long ago, Bennett said one of the things he would not do in this trial would be
 go into Jones' sexual history. The New York Times
 leads with the reform pledges made by China's new prime minister. And the
 Los
 Angeles Times goes with the purchase of the Los Angeles Dodgers by
 Rupert Murdoch.

            
               USAT reports that according to Willey's lawyer, she is "overwhelmed"
 by White House attempts to discredit her. Regarding the release of admiring
 letters she had written to Clinton after their disputed Oval Office meeting, he
 is quoted saying, "We don't pretend we can compete with the White House spin
 machine." Reports about Willey on the WP and NYT front also
 follow up on the story broken yesterday by the New York Daily News that
 prior to her "60 Minutes" appearance, she had been in discussions with a
 tabloid.

            The NYT reports that the new Chinese Prime Minister Zhu Rongji gave a
 press conference in which he laid down ambitious goals for sweeping social
 change in his country, including pledges to redesign the government and cut its
 staff in half, do away with subsidized housing, and make state-owned industries
 solvent, all within the next three years. But he also flatly ruled out, reports
 the Times , any reappraisal of the government's crackdown on democracy in
 Tiananmen Square. The press conference was strikingly Western-style, says the
 paper, complete with Zhu's deflection of a serious question about eventual
 national elections with a quip about pictures of him in Time and
 Newsweek .
