
   
   
      
         
            Petroleum Jelling

            The Washington Post and New York Times
 lead with the decision by a coalition of some of the world's top oil exporters
 to cut back production in an attempt to reverse a sharp price slide. USA Today ,
 which runs the oil story as its off-lead, leads with the revelation that last
 fall, the State Department shut down some of its worldwide computer systems
 because of a suspected penetration by hackers. The systems contain unclassified
 but sensitive information such as the travel schedules of U.S. embassy
 officials. The Los Angeles Times goes with the first joint appearance of
 the leading Democratic gubernatorial candidates at a state party
 convention.

            The oil news is that Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and Mexico, which together
 supply about a fifth of the world's oil, issued a joint statement saying that
 they and other oil producers plan a cutback amounting to about 2.7 percent of
 world production. The move, which the WP calls "unusual solidarity," is
 expected to send oil prices up. The NYT reports that the initial
 reaction in the Asian markets on Monday was nearly a $4 up-tick.

            The Times explains that having non-OPEC countries like Mexico on
 board is important because in the past OPEC production cuts have often been met
 with non-OPEC production surges. The paper also notes that many analysts had
 been predicting the economic pain of low oil revenues would force the producers
 to rein in production. Clear enough, but then the paper goes on to "illustrate"
 that idea with the following passage from the joint statement, which is
 anything but: ".[A] drop in oil prices could lead to a reduction in the
 investments needed to secure international supplies, which would destabilize
 the world economy in the medium term."

            OSCAR NOTE I: The LAT says that "The Full Monty," made for a paltry
 $3.5 million, could ultimately turn a profit of around $100 million. The
 Wall Street Journal says the movie has already raked
 in more than $200 million.
