
   
   
      
         
            A Sorry State of Affairs

            
               USA
 Today leads with that schoolyard shooting in Arkansas, which also makes
 the front at the New York Times ,
 Washington Post , and Los Angeles
 Times . The WP and LAT lead with President Clinton's
 remarks in Uganda about how, with its slave trade, the U.S. wronged Africa. The
 NYT goes with the news that the federal government has delayed issuing
 tens of thousands of permanent residency permits for immigrants because a new
 machine designed to produce fraud-proof green cards hasn't worked right since
 it was installed last summer. Few immigrants, says the paper, will suffer dire
 consequences but the delay is making many of them panicky.

            Four students and a teacher, all female, died, and ten others were injured
 at an Arkansas middle school after two boys--ages 13 and 11--shot at their
 classmates pouring out of the school in response to the false fire alarm the
 two had pulled. It was, reports USAT , the third school rampage
 nationwide in five months. In recent similar incidents, students have killed
 five and wounded 14.

            Rising to give a speech at a village outside Kampala, after listening to one
 by Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni, President Clinton, according to the
 WP , launched into what his aides later said were impromptu remarks about the role the U.S. has played in Africa's
 tragedies. "Going back to the time before we were even a nation, European
 Americans received the fruits of the slave trade," Clinton said. "And we were
 wrong in that." Clinton also admitted that American Cold War policy for Africa
 too often resulted in mistakenly supporting ruthless dictators just because
 they were anti-communists.

            All the papers point out that previously, Clinton had considered and
 rejected the idea of making an official apology to American blacks for slavery.
 It was reported that Clinton thought a mea culpa would distract from the real
 tasks of racial healing and could alienate white centrist voters.
