
   
   
      
         
            Genocide Chat

            The New York Times ,
 Washington Post , and Los Angeles
 Times lead with President Clinton's remark that the United States
 should have done something quickly about the 1994 killings of half a million
 people in Rwanda and having failed to do so, must share in the blame for them.
 USA
 Today goes with the developing story of the Arkansas schoolyard
 shootings, which also gets a lot of coverage on the other fronts.

            Clinton's acknowledgement came during an emotionally charged stop at the
 Kigali airport during which he and Hillary listened to the wrenching
 recollections of massacre survivors. Given the prior day's discussion of the
 wrongs of slavery, Clinton's remarks about the Rwandan genocide indicate, says
 the WP , that his African sojourn is becoming a "contrition tour." But, points out the Post ,
 yesterday's statement was different--with it, Clinton is referring to an
 episode that occurred during his own administration. The paper points out that
 Clinton suggested yesterday that one obstacle to taking action at the time was
 a lack of credible information about what was actually going on. The paper also
 notes that some human rights activists responded that there was ample reliable
 information, just not ample White House will.

            The NYT reports that in his mea culpa du jour, Clinton also cited Bosnia as another example on his watch where the reaction to
 ethnic killing was too slow. The Times does a good job of supplying
 specifics on the U.S. inaction in Rwanda, noting that the Clinton
 administration blocked a UN on-the-ground effort that "might have saved
 hundreds of thousands of lives."

            Both the NYT and USAT Clinton-on-Rwanda pieces note a
 political factor that at the time inhibited U.S. action, but which Clinton
 didn't mention: Public support for U.S. involvement in peacekeeping missions
 evaporated just prior to the Rwanda situation when 18 U.S. soldiers were killed
 in an ambush in Somalia.
