
   
   
      
         
            Clinton's New Organ Policy

            
               USA
 Today leads with a Clinton administration proposal for new rules
 governing transplant organ availability. The New York Times
 goes with the decision by Switzerland's three biggest banks to negotiate a
 global settlement with Holocaust victims by setting up a compensation fund. The
 plan does not include the Swiss government, whose central bank received the
 vast majority of wealth stolen by Nazis from Jews and other persecuted groups.
 The Los
 Angeles Times leads with depressing news about California's second-tier
 state college system: an overwhelming number of its incoming students lack the
 basic math and English skills they should have acquired in high school. The
 Washington Post lead headline is a hardy perennial,
 relating to one of the worst public education systems in the country: "D.C.
 Schools Chief Resigns."

            The new transplant rules, explains the USAT lead (and front-page
 pieces in the WP , and the NYT ), aim at providing organs to the
 sickest candidates first regardless of where they live, as opposed to the
 current ones, which were conceived when organs couldn't be maintained outside
 the body for nearly as long as they can now, and hence emphasize getting them
 to the closest candidates. The private network that coordinates most organ
 distribution opposes the shift, because of a fear that this change will atrophy
 local transplant centers by diverting organs to a handful of large regional
 ones, and also deny organs to people who can't travel. The papers all point out
 that under the status quo, more than 4,000 Americans die annually while waiting
 for needed organs.

            The LAT front reports that just two days before the NCAA Final Four
 tournament game, a federal grand jury in Chicago has indicted two former Northwestern University players on charges of
 attempting to fix the outcome of games for the benefit of bettors during the
 1994-1995 college season.
