
   
   
      
         
            The Senate Butts In

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with the new tobacco settlement bill
 taking shape in the Senate. The New York Times
 leads with the endorsement by House Republican leaders of new tax breaks to
 help people who must buy their own health insurance. The Los Angeles
 Times goes with the general split inside Republican ranks over whether
 or not tax cuts should be part of this year's budget. The story notes that the
 current proposed House budget includes tax cuts totaling $60 billion, compared
 to the $350 billion worth of cuts called for in the Contract with America.

            
               USAT reports that the proposed tobacco bill would raise the price of
 a pack of cigarettes by $1.10 and would cost cigarette companies more than half
 a trillion dollars--a considerable increase over the $365 billion agreed to in
 the proposed settlement reached last summer between the attorneys general of 40
 states and the leading tobacco manufacturers. Like that settlement, the Senate
 bill aims to reduce underage smoking, regulate nicotine as a drug and alter the
 tone and reach of tobacco advertising. It also includes a payout to tobacco
 farmers as compensation for lost income.

            The WP states, "Both the tobacco industry and public health advocates
 assailed the bill from opposite directions: The industry called its price-tag
 'unrealistic and onerous' while public health advocates said it was too weak on
 the key issue of cutting underage smoking." Yet, USAT says, "tobacco
 industry spokesmen declined public comment." Also, it's very odd to talk about
 the reaction of the "industry" and "public health advocates" so broadly.
 Neither are monoliths. So, why no for-attribution quotes in the Post
 account here?

            The Post does explain one nuance USAT overlooks: whether that
 $1.10 per pack surcharge specified in the bill will actually raise cigarette
 prices enough to significantly reduce cigarette purchases.
