
   
   
      
         
            Case: Dissed Miss

            The surprising dismissal of Paula Jones' lawsuit leads all around, with the
 Los
 Angeles Times and Washington Post going with full banner headlines. Federal
 judge Susan Webber Wright ruled that although Bill Clinton's conduct may have
 been "boorish and offensive," it was brief, and isolated and didn't result in
 physical harm. Therefore, it wasn't, she concluded, under even the most
 charitable reading of the record, a sexual assault or workplace harassment. The
 New York Times
 notes that Wright gave no credit to Jones' claim of suffering "sexual aversion"
 as a result of her run-in with Clinton. The papers all note that the judge
 dismissed as irrelevant in a few sentences all the Jones allegations of a
 Clinton pattern of extramarital sex. Jones' lawyers intend to appeal. Ken Starr
 responded to the news by promising to soldier on. The ruling, he tells USA Today ,
 "has no effect on our authority."

            The WP makes the point that this is not obvious, observing that any
 perjury or obstruction of justice charges against Clinton would be based on his
 conduct in a now-dead case.

            The reaction of the other principals is widely reported: Clinton asked if
 the unexpected good news was an April Fools' joke. Jones got the news on her
 car phone and pulled over and cried. The Post says officials at the
 White House and with the president in Africa maintained a "consciously subdued
 tone," but the LAT reports staff cheers and laughter, and the NYT
 finds President Clinton walking around his Dakar, Senegal hotel suite with a
 cigar in his mouth and a drum in his hands (to be replaced moments later with a
 guitar.)

            The political impact is also generally viewed as pro-Clinton. House
 Republicans, says the LAT , may now be wary of moving aggressively
 against Clinton. The NYT says it even stronger: "It is now politically inconceivable that Congress will consider
 impeachment."

            But, adds the NYT , despite the trial outcome, "the president and the
 presidency appear to have been diminished in important and lasting ways.
