
   
   
      
         
            These Guns Not For Hire

            The New York Times
 leads with President Clinton's decision to impose a ban on the import of 58
 types of assault-type weapons. This is also the top national story at the
 Los
 Angeles Times . The Washington Post 's top national story is a federally funded
 study indicating that a drug previously used to prevent a recurrence of breast
 cancer could dramatically prevent its onset as well. USA Today
 leads with the Department of Transportation's decision to crack down on
 airlines that use unfair methods to snuff out low-fare competitors.

            The news about the breast cancer drug, tamoxifen, comes, says
 the WP , from the largest clinical experiment ever for testing a drug's
 powers of cancer prevention. However, tamoxifen is also known, says the paper,
 to treble the risk for uterine cancer, and to increase one's chance of
 developing blood clots. (The headline over the story at USAT , which runs
 it as its top-of-the-front-page "talker," emphasizes the "big risk.") It's
 likely therefore, that the drug will only be recommended for women at high risk
 for breast cancer.

            Clinton's gun move, says the NYT and LAT , could keep
 more than one million high-powered guns out of the U.S. Assault weapons of this
 sort have been banned previously, by the Bush administration (1989) and by an
 earlier Clinton ban (1994), but foreign manufacturers responded by slightly
 modifying their weapons. But now, explain the papers, the ATF has ruled that
 these modifications are superficial and hence that the ban sticks. The
 NYT says that the timing of the announcement was driven by Clinton's
 desire to dramatize government action in the wake of the Arkansas schoolyard
 shootings, even though none of the types of weapons used there are affected by
 the decision. The NRA assailed the ban, and promised to seek relief in Congress
 and the courts. The LAT says a White House official cites as one reason
 for the move the paper's series last year about how weapons companies were
 modifying their guns to make them legal but not less lethal.
