
   
   
      
         
            High Wiring Act

            The New York Times
 leads with the recommendation by the nation's air safety board that thousands
 of airliners currently in service be rewired as a precaution against the sort
 of fuel tank explosion that destroyed TWA Flight 800. The Washington Post goes with an exclusive about the status and
 contents of Kenneth Starr's impending report to Congress. USA Today
 leads with President Clinton's determination, expressed at a forum on Social
 Security, to fix the system. This is also the top national story at the
 Los
 Angeles Times .

            The rewiring recommendation from the National Transportation Safety
 Board, accompanied by the further suggestion that surge suppressors be put on
 wires going into fuel tanks, shows, says the NYT , how far investigators
 have come in their understanding of the TWA crash. But, explains the paper, the
 board has an advisory role only, and implementation must be carried out by the
 FAA, which often rebuffs the NTSB. The dramatic extent of the development is
 pointed out by the NYT 's observation that Boeing alone has produced
 nearly 10,000 airliners currently in service, and that the recommendation
 applies to the planes of at least one other company, Airbus, as well.
 USAT , the LAT , the WP and the Wall Street Journal mention in their accounts that an
 immediate motive for the advisory was not just the wiring set-up of Flight 800,
 but also the unsafe ones observed in three retired 747s.

            
               Post reporter Susan Schmidt obviously had help from someone in
 Starr's office in putting together what amounts to a leaked status report on the fruits of his investigation.
 She writes that much of the Starr report earmarked for the House of
 Representatives (on the grounds that it describes potentially impeachable
 offenses) has already been written, and that it pertains not only to President
 Clinton's actions in the Lewinsky matter but also may include material about
 whether Clinton was truthful in his sworn testimony for the 1996 bank fraud
 trial of James and Susan McDougal.
