
   
   
      
         
            Butt Heads Butt Heads

            The en masse defection of the major tobacco manufacturers from Congress'
 efforts at a settlement leads everywhere. The industry promises to immediately
 launch a public relations offensive against a "coercive, Big Brother-type
 Congress." The Washington Post says the campaign kicks off today with
 newspaper ads reading, "We Agreed To Change The Way We Do Business . . . Not To
 Go Out Of Business." Everybody quotes President Clinton's determined reaction:
 "They can be part of it or they can fight it," although oddly, USA Today
 leaves out the most important part of his quote: "We're going to get this
 done."

            The tobacco stance became official with a speech against the tough and
 expensive Senate bill by the RJR CEO, Steven Goldstone, described by the papers
 as "aggressive" and "defiant." Goldstone is widely quoted as saying,
 "Washington has rushed to collect more tobacco revenues while playing the
 politics of punishment." USAT quotes him describing the process as
 "broken beyond repair." The Los Angeles Times adds that Goldstone raised the
 specter of a thriving black market in cigarettes if the Senate bill were to
 become law.

            The New York Times
 and USAT point out that while Congress can proceed unilaterally in many
 areas of the proposed legislation, this is problematic with the provisions that
 touch on the curtailment of free speech, such as advertising restrictions.
 Goldstone is quoted in the Times saying that if Congress imposes these
 anyway, the companies "will fight in court." Feelings are running just as high
 on the other side. The paper quotes the reaction of Sen. Kent Conrad: "Poor
 babies." Both the NYT and WP note that Conrad expressed the idea
 that all this tobacco manufacturer stridency is a stratagem designed to get the
 current deal accepted without the addition of any harsher conditions.

            The NYT is admirably clear about the context producing such
 skepticism: "The tobacco industry has dissembled so often in the past--about
 whether cigarettes cause diseases, about whether nicotine is addictive, about
 whether they market their product to children--that people are never sure what
 to make of the companies' pronouncements.
