
   
   
      
         
            Bank Shots

            The Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times lead with Monday's big merger announcements, and everybody has
 lots of front-page and inside banking stories. The New York Times ,
 which led with the mergers yesterday, goes with the looming high costs of the
 midterm elections. USA Today goes with the mysterious breakdown experienced by
 AT&T's "frame relay" data network, which is used by hundreds of
 multinational companies to handle such tasks as central database access and
 e-mail. The main effects the paper mentions are a reservations slowdown at
 Northwest Airlines and travel agencies' difficulties getting credit card
 authorizations.

            The WP lead reports that the company emerging from the
 BankAmerica/NationsBank combine will command eight percent of all bank deposits
 in the U.S., close to the ten percent limit currently mandated by federal law.
 The Post notes however, that unlike last week's Citicorp/Travelers move,
 which challenges Depression-era laws barring different types of financial
 services from being offered by a single company, this bank merger is within the
 boundaries of current law, because in 1994, Congress allowed coast-to-coast
 banking. But, mentions the Wall Street Journal , Sen. Arlen Specter is contemplating
 legislation that would raise the hurdles to Fed approval of big bank
 mergers.

            The WP reports that many bank stocks soared on the merger news, while
 the LAT identified more with customers and employees than shareholders,
 going high in its story with concerns that the BankAmerica/NationsBank deal
 would lead to higher fees and could eliminate 8,000 jobs. The NYT
 doesn't get to that latter bit of unpleasantness until the fifteenth paragraph
 of its bank story.

            The WP breaks out a separate story about what the deal means to customers, dominated by wiggle-claims
 quoted from others like "bigger is not necessarily better when it comes to the
 accounts of individual customers" and "bigger banks do tend to charge higher
 fees.
