
   
   
      
         
            Pol Pot--Potted Pol?

            The Washington Post leads with a new study indicating that
 false positive mammogram results are quite common. This is also the top
 national story at the Los Angeles Times (and is featured on the USA Today
 front and carried inside at the New York
 Times ). USAT goes with word that the State Department has
 declared twenty Russian agencies and research facilities ineligible for
 millions in U.S. government aid because they may have provided missile
 technology to Iran. The NYT lead is that Kofi Annan has decided to pull
 U.N. human rights investigators out of Congo (formerly Zaire) because of the
 new government's harassment and obstruction of their work.

            According to the study of the medical records of 2,400 women, the most
 comprehensive of its kind ever attempted, 32 percent of all American women who
 undergo annual breast checkups for a decade can expect to get at least one false mammogram indication of a tumor. That's if some
 of the checkups are physical checks only--if all ten are mammograms, the odds
 go up to 50 percent. (Hence USAT 's alarmist-seeming, but dead-accurate
 headline: "False-positive rate for mammography 50-50.") The researchers
 calculate that ultimately unnecessary follow-up tests add 33 percent to the
 cost of breast cancer screening. Some doctors quoted in the Post say
 that the threat of malpractice suits in the U.S. contributes to the problem, in
 that it pressures radiologists to overdiagnose breast cancer.

            By the way, the study appears in today's issue of the New England Journal
 of Medicine , a fact that the NYT leaves until the last sentence of
 its AP version of the story. The WP waits until the 13th paragraph.
 What's that all about? The LAT and USAT put the provenance
 high.

            The USAT lead is based on a State Department list, obtained by the
 paper, of banned Russian organizations, from universities to intelligence
 agencies.
