
   
   
      
         
            Saddam But True

            The New York Times
 leads with a story nobody else is paying much attention to right now--the
 continued Iraqi failure to provide U.N. weapons inspectors with adequate
 information. USA Today leads with Ken Starr's and Paula Jones' decisions
 to press on. The Washington Post goes with a story that the NYT got out in
 front on yesterday: the death of Pol Pot. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with news that must strike terror deep within the hearts of
 its readership: the state's second largest phone company, GTE, mistakenly
 leased tens of thousands of unlisted phone numbers to telemarketers.

            The Times lead is spurred by the latest report from the U.N.
 chief arms inspector to Kofi Annan concluding that Iraq is no closer now to
 meeting U.N. requirements for the lifting of sanctions than it was last fall,
 when Saddam Hussein went to the brink to prevent further arms inspections. The
 paper sees a further ominous sign in Thursday's new outburst of Iraqi
 defiance--a call by the highest levels of the Iraqi government for the
 immediate lifting of all embargoes.

            The NYT has some choice tidbits from that as-yet unpublished U.N.
 report (and from others as well). Apparently, inspectors found some of the
 buildings on their list to have been stripped of all equipment and even
 furniture. Indeed, none of the sites visited outside of Baghdad had either
 documents or computers. And some inspectors were stunned by the opulence of the
 presidential palaces. Some rooms in them must have, according to some on the
 U.N. team, cost millions of dollars to furnish.

            The Post reports that Pol Pot died quietly on a flowered mattress. The story goes
 on to describe televised footage of the death scene: Pot's body stretched out
 on a bed, plastic sandals at his bedside. Or you could turn to the NYT
 top front, which has a large color shot of just this scene. The WP
 quotes journalist Nate Thayer, who recently did the first interview with Pot in
 18 years, saying he had no doubt that the man on the mattress was Pol Pot and
 dead.
