
   
   
      
         
            Sourpuss McCain; Illiquid Forbes
            

            ELLEN:

            I don't think the killers of Matthew Shepard had the brains to even perceive
 of teaching anyone a lesson.

            I still disagree with you about TV's coverage of Columbine. Yes, of course,
 there is the massive hypocrisy of the American public when they say in polls
 that the media is scum: They love all the coverage, love the Lady Di and Royal
 Family hagiography, etc. And of course a large mass murder at a high school,
 especially with the Nazi and goth and geek overtones, resonates with the
 public, and media, more than day traders in Atlanta, but the coverage was
 mind-numbing. It was telling to me that CNN spent four hours of airtime on the
 funeral of the black boy who was killed. That smacks of patronization to me.
 And you have to admit that the coverage of JFK Jr.'s death was over the top:
 Newsweek and Time milked it for two top-selling issues. Walter
 Isaacson's personal remarks about Kennedy were embarrassing. Douglas Brinkley
 has ruined his career as a historian by rushing to every TV studio to talk
 about his good friend John. His case reminded me of when Eric Burdon suddenly
 became Jimi Hendrix's best friend after he O.D.'d in '70.

            Well, we've both been admonished from the 
                  Slate
                chieftains for
 straying from the news of the day. My heart says: Fuck them, let's talk about
 what we want. However, since they were kind enough to invite us to the table, I
 do have a few things to say about today's "news." I know you're not as
 fascinated by electoral politics as I am, dismissing it all in a Ralph Nader
 sort of way, but I cannot for the life of me understand the Beltway media's
 continuing love affair with Sen. John McCain. McCain is sleazy: Talk to any
 reporter in Arizona (which no Washington pundit does) and you won't hear about
 what a "maverick" he is. Instead, they'll draw a picture of a sour,
 press-hating scumbag who's not very nice to women and has shady business
 dealings to boot.
