
   
   
      
         
            Big Tools

            The New York Times
 national edition leads with the battle for the control of Russia. The Washington Post leads with the conflict between President
 Clinton and Newt Gingrich over tobacco policy. USA Today
 leads with the Supreme Court's ruling that even a white defendant can challenge
 a grand jury indictment on the grounds that jury selection discriminated
 against blacks. The Los Angeles Times leads with the Senate's rejection of a
 White House proposal that would have provided $3 billion for refurbishing
 crumbling school buildings.

            On Friday, reports the Times , Russia's legislature will hold its
 third and decisive vote on whether to ratify Boris
 Yeltsin's nomination of Sergei Kiriyenko as prime minister. Yeltsin has vowed
 to dissolve Parliament and hold national elections if the nomination is again
 rejected. Boris Berezovsky, reports the paper, one of Russia's richest and most
 ruthless businessmen and a former Yeltsin financial backer, has emerged as one
 of Yeltsin and Kiriyenko's biggest obstacles (Kiriyenko is also opposed by the
 Communists). On Tuesday, Berezovsky used a newspaper he owns to openly tell
 Yeltsin what he has to do to avoid a big fight over the nomination: abandon
 market reform.

            The Post lead is about the Democratic reaction to Gingrich's comment at a fund-raiser
 Monday night that what's happening with teen smoking has "nothing to do with
 Joe Camel." More important, he said, are smoke-glamorizing movies like
 "Titanic." Yesterday, reports the Post , Bill Clinton responded, saying,
 "Teen smoking has everything to do with Joe Camel, with unscrupulous marketing
 campaigns that prey on the insecurities and dreams of our children." The
 context for all this jockeying is the fate of the tobacco bill, with its
 restrictions on teen marketing, now awaiting consideration by the full
 Senate.

            The Post notes that Clinton and Gingrich have in the past lamented
 the tendency of Washington policy battles to become too personal, and this
 story is itself a perfect example of the problem.
