
   
   
      
         
            Missilany

            The New York
 Times 's top national story is that despite three years of contrary
 assurances to the U.S., Russia is helping India build a nuclear missile. The
 Washington Post 's top national story is an account
 of how, fifteen years and $50 billion after Ronald Reagan's "Star Wars" speech,
 the U.S. still doesn't have an anti-ballistic-missile defense system. The
 Los
 Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration's decision to oppose
 the California ballot referendum measure calling for an end to publicly funded
 bilingual education, a measure thought to be favored by 70 percent of the
 state's voters. USA Today leads with Defense Secretary William Cohen's
 warning to Congress that failure to approve an emergency spending bill and a
 new round of base closings will mean big layoffs of Pentagon civilians and
 fewer high-tech weapons.

            According to the Times , in 1995 Russian officials told the U.S. that
 its help on the Indian missile project was limited, and didn't
 involve the missile design. In return, the Clinton administration cleared the
 way for American/Russian cooperation in space. However, U.S. intelligence
 reports have continued to suggest a bigger Russian role. The Times
 points out that Russia's technical assistance raises fears of a stepped-up arms
 race between India and Pakistan, against whom India has fought three wars, and
 which has just tested a nuclear-capable missile of its own.

            The WP reports that out of twenty intercept tests in the past decade,
 only seven anti-missile missiles struck their targets. Since the
 last success in 1994, there have been six straight failures. While the Clinton
 administration has not committed to deploying a national anti-missile shield,
 under pressure from the GOP (national missile defense was a tenet of the
 "Contract With America"), it has promised to accelerate testing. But, the paper
 reports, only one actual flight trial of the entire system is planned before
 the administration must decide whether or not to place it in operation.
