
   
   
      
         
            NATO's Rocky Road

            The LAT leads with the U.S. stating that finally, Iraq has really been
 cooperating with U.N. weapons monitoring efforts. The top national story at the
 NYT is the Senate's debate about widening NATO. The WP leads with the decision
 by federal corruption investigators to let Jimmy Hoffa's son, James P. Hoffa,
 run for the Teamsters presidency. USAT goes with the Treasury Department's
 launch of an investigation into the tactics of the IRS' criminal division.

            The American admission was made Monday at the U.N. by U.S. Ambassador Bill
 Richardson, about inspections of Iraq's nuclear program and previously
 off-limits government buildings. But he went on to say that the U.S. continues
 to oppose any relaxation of economic sanctions on Iraq or in the U.N.'s weapons
 inspection program, citing, notes the LAT , Iraq's continuing
 insufficient cooperation in the areas of long-range missiles and chemical and
 biological weapons. This story also makes the fronts at USAT and the
 NYT , but the latter emphasizes the U.N.'s decision Monday night to
 extend sanctions despite Richardson's conciliatory remarks.

            The nuances of the administration's thinking about sanctions are on display
 in a NYT front-page piece that depicts Bill Clinton at a White House
 meeting of Christian evangelical leaders, unaware that a Times reporter
 was there too. Clinton asked the group to withdraw its support for legislation
 aiming to reduce religious persecution overseas by imposing sanctions because
 he said such bills put enormous pressure on whoever is in the executive branch
 to fudge an evaluation of the facts of what is going on." The president needs
 flexibility, he said, including the ability to impose sanctions.

            The NYT line on the NATO expansion discussion is that this is a quite
 important issue that wasn't receiving its due in the Senate until yesterday,
 when "after four hours of dueling monologues, however, something novel
 happened: Debate broke out.
