
   
   
      
         
            Pre-NATO Care

            The Los
 Angeles Times , USA Today , and the Washington Post lead with the Senate passage and the likely
 presidential veto of a bill saddling the Clinton goal of paying up UN dues with
 a GOP anti-abortion provision. The New York Times
 goes with the Senate's defeat of a proposal for limiting the cost to the U.S.
 of expanding NATO.

            The UN dues bill includes a rider barring U.S. aid to international family
 planning groups that perform or support abortions, which, says the LAT ,
 "almost certainly dooms" the payback effort. The LAT and WP note that both Trent Lott and Jesse Helms say a
 veto means there will be no further action on this. USAT and the
 WP remind readers that House Republicans attached a similar poison pill
 provision to the last attempt at a UN pay-up, which was vetoed by President
 Clinton.

            The coverage plays into Washington's unfortunate preference for politics
 over substance: there isn't a word about those international family planning
 organizations (none are even identified) and to what extent they facilitate
 abortions.

            The NYT reports that the Senate discussion concerning NATO continues to be lively, and that
 the cost cap was the first of perhaps two dozen NATO expansion amendments the
 Senate will consider before it's through. Yesterday's debate focused mainly on
 whether or not the proposed new members--Poland, Hungary, and the Czech
 Republic--can afford to field the level of armed forces NATO requires. The
 Times notes that expansion cost issues seem paramount to the Senate.
 This means many members don't really trust the official estimates, because
 officially, expansion will cost but $40 million a year over the next
 decade--less than half a new fighter plane a year.

            And the Times explains that some senators are concerned that more and
 more new members will be coming in, hurting NATO's strength. It occurs to
 "Today's Papers" though, that here may lie the true solution: Let any country
 join NATO.
