
   
   
      
         
            Criminal Types!

            
               USA
 Today , the Washington Post , and the New York Times
 each lead with a federal judge's rejection of Monica Lewinsky's claim that she
 had an immunity deal with Ken Starr. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with the results of the first U.S. study of the French
 abortion pill RU-486: highly effective and safe for terminating early
 pregnancies, a story that doesn't make the other front pages (the NYT
 national edition carries it on p. 20).

            Lewinsky's lawyers had been arguing that a letter from Starr granted her
 immunity. The judge's dismissal of that contention, writes USAT , may set
 the stage for Starr to force Lewinsky to "appear" before a federal grand jury.
 This is a little confusing since actually, Starr would have had more leverage
 to force Lewinsky to testify (rather than just show up) if she had
 immunity from prosecution. (The WP and NYT get this point right.)
 But in any case, one of Lewinsky's lawyers, William Ginsburg, is quoted by
 USAT as saying his client "will never testify before a grand jury
 without immunity." And the Post reports that her other lawyer, Nathaniel
 Speights, "ridiculed" the idea that Starr would indict his client. "No one," he
 is quoted as saying, "is going to stand for somebody being indicted for having
 a sexual relationship with the president." (Today's reports in the NYT
 and WP to the effect that Hillary Clinton used the marital
 confidentiality privilege to avoid answering some Starr questions means that
 she may be somebody who is not being indicted because she's having a
 sexual relationship with the president.)

            The judge's ruling is still under seal. USAT credits the story to an
 unnamed "person with knowledge of the decision." The Post cites
 "individuals familiar with the case." The LAT refers to "sources close
 to either side of the investigation." Wonder why the NYT semi-outed its
 own sources, saying they are "lawyers," which leaves them quite vulnerable to
 punishment by the judge, who warned the lawyers in the case against disclosing
 her sealed rulings.
