
   
   
      
         
            Journalism's Pellet Surprise

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with the latest U.S. economic news:
 surging growth but the slowest rate of inflation increase in 35 years. The top
 national story at the Washington Post is President Clinton's hard-nosed
 self-defense at his first press conference in months. The New York Times
 metro edition goes with the Senate's overwhelming approval of NATO expansion
 (the earlier, national edition goes with the tax evasion indictment of
 already-once-convicted Felon of Bill, Webster Hubbell).

            The WP coverage of the presidential press
 conference--accompanied by a picture of a pugnacious double-fisted
 Clinton--reports that he dismissed allegations about his character as the work
 of organized foes "unable to counter his ideas or record," but acknowledged
 that seven years of their attacks have diminished his personal standing with
 the American people. This used to distress him greatly, said Clinton, but not
 anymore. The paper observes that nearly half of the questions posed by the
 press concerned his still-unexplained relationship with Monica Lewinsky, but
 that despite his January promise to illuminate it, Clinton didn't answer
 them.

            The NYT wash-up of the NATO vote explains that all 16
 current members of the alliance must approve the change in order for it to take
 effect. ( USAT 's front page NATO story says that such total approval is
 expected by the alliance's 50th anniversary summit in Washington next year.)
 The Times piece also includes a workmanlike exposition of the politics
 of the vote, including the observation that expansion was supported by the U.S.
 defense industry, which stands to "reap huge profits" from increased weapons
 sales to new NATO members.

            The WP front features new federal statistics about teen birth rates (the story
 runs inside at the NYT ) indicating that for the first time they are down
 among every racial and ethnic group.
