
   
   
      
         
            Tangled Web

            
               USA
 Today leads with promising new cancer drugs soon to be tested on
 humans--a story that got prominent play in Sunday's New York Times .
 The Washington Post leads with Democrats' harsh
 criticism of Rep. Dan Burton for his release of the Web Hubbell prison tapes.
 The New York Times
 leads with Washington state's anti-affirmative action ballot initiative. And
 the Los
 Angeles Times goes with Israel's rejection of an American proposal for
 a transfer of more West Bank land to the Palestinians.

            The two new cancer drugs work, explains USAT , by cutting off the
 blood supply to tumors, making it impossible for them to grow. Used together,
 they have eradicated tumors in mice. Which is why they are scheduled for human
 trials. But, says the paper, the leap from mouse to man is a huge one.

            The WP lead details how Rep. Burton was accused on
 Sunday by congressional Democrats and White House staffers of doctoring
 transcripts of Hubbell's prison phone conversations. The material Burton
 released appears to describe Hubbell's decision to continue to protect Bill and
 Hillary Clinton out of fears that his wife would lose her government job, but,
 notes the Post , does not include Hubbell's statement that Hillary
 Clinton had "no idea" of billing irregularities at their law firm, or his
 assertion that he was not being paid hush money.

            Another dispute centers on Hubbell's lawyer saying on the tape, "There is
 some chance that the day after Election Day they will make a move that moots
 everything. And I don't want to discourage it." According to the Post ,
 Burton says this was a reference to a presidential pardon, but Hubbell's lawyer
 says it was an immunity deal--eventually granted--with Ken Starr. The
 NYT hits the pardon issue much higher in its front page Hubbell tape
 story, not surprising since it went front page on Saturday with a story saying
 congressional investigators took the "Election Day" comment to signify pardon
 hopes.
