
   
   
      
         
            Whitewater Torture

            The Whitewater indictment of Susan McDougal leads at USA Today and
 the Washington Post . The Unabomber life-plus sentence
 imposed on Theodore Kacszynski leads at the New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times . While McDougal is still front-page where it doesn't
 lead, the Unabomber doesn't make the front at the WP .

            McDougal was indicted for criminal contempt and obstruction by the Arkansas
 Whitewater grand jury for refusing to answer questions posed by Ken Starr.
 Having already completed an 18-month civil contempt sentence for refusing to
 answer Starr's questions and now serving time for her Whitewater fraud
 conviction, she could get ten years if convicted on these new charges. The
 LAT says the move is an escalation of Starr's investigation. USAT
 says it's his final effort to force McDougal to cooperate.

            The indictment contains some new information. At one point in the grand jury
 room, McDougal said, "Mr. Starr should resign. That's my only answer to you."
 And the evidence she was questioned about there but did not explain includes a
 $5,081.82 check she made out in 1983 bearing the notation, "Payoff Clinton."
 (The NYT carries substantial excerpts from one of McDougal's grand jury
 appearances.)

            The Post quotes some legal experts saying it's highly unusual to
 prosecute someone for criminal contempt who has already served a civil sentence
 for the same refusal to testify. (Small but important point: the USAT
 story never mentions that McDougal was granted immunity. But this is precisely
 what makes her silence indictable. The WP and the NYT get this right.)

            The Unabomber sentencing proceedings included a statement from him as well
 as remarks by victims and survivors of victims. The LAT says Kacszynski
 was "unrepentant" and "steely-eyed," and the victims "anguished." A widow's
 suggestion to the court makes everybody's story: "Lock him so far down that
 when he dies, he'll be closer to hell.
