
   
   
      
         
            Return to Norma-cy

            All the papers lead with a federal judge's rejection of President Clinton's
 claim that executive privilege protects two of his aides from testifying to the
 Starr grand jury about l'affaire Lewinsky. Also prominent at the dailies are
 large front-page pictures of Nancy Reagan at yesterday's dedication of the $818
 million Ronald Reagan building in Washington--an unlikely tribute, notes the
 "Los Angeles
 Times , to a president who championed limits on the federal bureaucracy.
 Indeed, the New York Times front-page
 picture caption reads, "Of Honors and Overruns."

            The no-privilege decision by Judge Norma Johnson--actually still under seal
 and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case (who thereby continue
 to flirt with sanction by Judge Johnson)--is deemed a "stunning legal defeat"
 for Clinton by the NYT and rated a "major victory" for Ken Starr by
 "USA Today .
 The Washington Post and the NYT add that Judge
 Johnson also ruled against Clinton's invocation of attorney-client privilege to
 shield his top aides, holding that Clinton could not use government-paid
 lawyers to aid his defense in a criminal investigation. And the NYT and
 LAT point out that a White House bid to have some protections extended
 to conversations between Hillary Clinton and some aides was also turned down.
 The NYT observes that the ruling dims the chances for the as-yet-unheard
 White House claim that Secret Service agents are also cloaked in a special
 privilege.

            At one point, USAT quotes lawyer Ted Olson expressing no surprise at
 the decision, describing him as a "former Reagan" official. But this
 characterization makes Olson seem a little too detached from the matter at
 hand, for in fact Olson is a close friend and political supporter of
 Starr's.

            The NYT front notes the advent of a new weapon available to airplane hijackers, terrorists and
 assassins--a three-inch pistol posing as a key chain.
