
   
   
      
         
            Lucent Should Stick With What It Knows
            

            For a company whose roots are in Bell Labs, source of innumerable
 technological breakthroughs, Lucent is surprisingly unembarrassed about buying
 technology that it can't, or doesn't want, to build itself. Since it was spun
 off from AT&T three years ago, Lucent has made 29 acquisitions at a cost of
 $32 billion, including a major deal it closed today, when it agreed to acquire
 Excel Switching Corp. for $1.7 billion.

            While it's now well known that at least half of all mergers fail--in the
 sense that they destroy rather than create shareholder value--it's also become
 well known that certain companies are exceptionally good at integrating
 acquisitions into their existing operations. Not coincidentally, perhaps, two
 of the best are competitors, namely Lucent and Cisco (which, reader beware, I
 own shares in). Cisco, in fact, closed a small deal today, spending $143
 million to acquire MaxComm Technologies, which specializes in high-speed Net
 access. And before the year is out, expect Lucent and Cisco to announce more
 deals. It's a kind of acquisition arms race.

            For the most part, the logic behind that race is compelling. Lucent, with
 its roots in more traditional telephone equipment, is trying to move strongly
 into computer and data networks. Cisco, for its part, wants to build on its
 already commanding position in data networking, even as it shifts more and more
 of its business to take advantage of the explosion in the Internet. And with
 technology shifting and developing as rapidly as it is, it's difficult (let's
 say impossible) for any company to keep everything in-house. Instead, smaller
 companies create and develop technology, and Cisco and Lucent step in, buy up
 these companies with their pricey stock, and reap the benefits. Needless to
 say, this strategy works only if you're good at bringing companies on board
 without wrecking them or yourself.
