
   
   
      
         
            Chrysler: Nothing Like a Daimler

            The Daimler-Benz purchase of Chrysler (first hinted at in yesterday's
 Wall Street Journal) leads at USA Today, the
 New York
 Times, and the Los Angeles Times. The Washington Post goes with bipartisan congressional criticism of
 the Clinton administration's attempt to impose terms on Israel in its
 negotiations with the Palestinians.

            Daimler-Benz, the maker of Mercedes cars, will buy Chrysler for around $35
 billion, making, says USAT and the NYT , the all-stock purchase
 the largest industrial merger in history. The NYT adds that it is also
 the largest-ever foreign acquisition of a U.S. company. Given current revenues,
 the deal will create the third largest car company, to be known as
 Daimler-Chrysler. The LAT gives a feel for the breadth of the new venture by noting that the top of
 the line Mercedes S600 sedan goes for $130,000 while the entry-level Dodge Neon
 goes for $12,000. (The NYT says the Neon starts at $11,000 and the top
 Mercedes is the CL600 coupe, which sells for $135,000.) The LAT says the
 deal's motivations include Chrysler getting to expand its European sales, which
 lag far behind Ford and GM, and Mercedes getting the chance to offer
 down-market cars without tarnishing its snobby brand-name.

            The papers see the deal as the beginning of a wave of consolidation in the
 auto business, brought on by excess manufacturing capacity. The WSJ
 gives the lay of that land: Companies ready to go shopping include, besides
 Daimler-Chrysler, Volkswagen, Toyota, and Honda. Likely acquisition targets
 include Mitsubishi, Subaru, Hyundai, Kia, Renault, Peugeot, and even perhaps
 BMW.

            An expert in USAT 's story foresees layoffs, driven by the elimination
 of duplicate departments. But, say the LAT and NYT, the merger shouldn't cause
 major layoffs because the two car lines are so different. The NYT sticks
 to this even as it blithely notes that in recent years Daimler has gotten rid
 of more than 40,000 employees.
