
   
   
      
         
            Revenue Game in Town

            The Washington Post, Los Angeles Times and New York
 Times lead with the Senate's vote to overhaul the IRS. USA Today runs that
 as its off-lead and goes instead with the FAA's order of urgent inspections and
 repairs to 152 older-model Boeing 737s, a story that, of the other majors, only
 the Wall Street Journal puts on the front page. (The NYT
 national edition runs it on p. 14, freeing up front-page space to wonder
 instead about what killed the artificial turf at Giants stadium.) The FAA move
 was prompted by Continental Airlines' discovery in one plane of fuel leaking
 into a wire-conduit going through a fuel tank, a situation, USAT
 explains, not unlike that suspected of precipitating the TWA Flight 800
 explosion.

            Apparently, not a single Senator believes the IRS ever deals with anyone
 who's not an abused ex-wife or Howard Baker. The Senate voted 97-0 to put the IRS under a board of
 directors and to create new limits on the agency's ability to impose penalties
 on taxpayers. Like all feel-good legislation, this one will cost money--some
 senators estimated that the extra obstacles to collection would cost about $18
 billion over the next decade, say the papers. But the Senate discussion utterly
 failed to put such figures in the larger context, which is that already
 the "too-powerful" "abusive" IRS is missing out on at least $100 billion a year
 in legally owed taxes and is already auditing less than one percent of
 all returns. What's worse, the dailies don't mention this either.

            The NYT reports that in Half Moon Bay, California a
 14-year-old eighth-grade boy has been the first student suspended from school
 under a new state law that allows removal of students who threaten violence.
 What makes the case unusual is that what precipitated this were the two papers
 he turned in for an English class writing assignment: "The Riot," in which
 students set fire to the school library, blow up the science labs, and beat the
 principal, and "Goin' Postal," in which a boy shoots the school principal.
