
   
   
      
         
            Televisionaries

            USA Today
 and the Washington Post lead with the FAA's grounding of the oldest 737
 passenger jets. The national edition of the New York
 Times leads with the U.S. decision to give Benjamin Netanyahu two more
 weeks to reply to its proposal that Israel undertake a more substantial
 withdrawal from the West Bank. But the later metro edition of the Times
 leads with news of an imminent $60 billion phone company merger. The Los Angeles Times
 goes with Sinn Fein's overwhelming endorsement of the Northern Ireland peace
 deal.

            The 737 inspections ordered by the FAA last week (which USAT alone
 led with on Friday) were apparently well warranted: 13 of the first 26 fuel
 main fuel pump wires checked showed wear on their insulation, says USAT .
 The WP is a little more reader-friendly about the actual
 number of planes involved: it says every one of the first 13 planes checked
 show some insulation chafing (the NYT , in its front-page story, says instead that this was
 true of a majority of the first 13 planes looked at), and that the grounding
 order affects 179 U.S. planes and 193 others worldwide. The Post also
 helpfully explains that the order only affects planes at least 16 years old.
 USAT reports that one 737 with 60,000 flight hours showed clear signs of
 sparking in one location inside its main tank and bare wire in another. This is
 of concern because electrical sparking inside a fuel tank is now suspected of
 having brought down TWA Flight 800. (The story is also front-page at the
 LAT .)

            SBC Communications (formerly Southwestern Bell), the West's dominant local
 phone company is, reports the Times , set to acquire Ameritech, its counterpart in the Midwest, thus becoming
 the nation's largest local phone company and recreating much of the old Bell
 phone system. The paper reminds those scoring at home that the $60 billion
 merger is the second largest in corporate history, trailing only March's $70
 billion Citicorp/Travelers Group union.
