
   
   
      
         
            Lethal Weapon II

            Additional Indian atomic tests on Wednesday and U.S. sanctions against India
 lead all around. President Clinton justified the economic
 countermeasures--stopping all American foreign aid, government credit and most
 U.S. bank loans and opposing all international bank loans--by citing the
 "dangerous new instability" the blasts have created in the region. To head it
 off, Clinton telephoned Pakistan's prime minister to urge him not to test nukes
 too. The papers report that Clinton received no assurances. The New York
 Times claims that Pakistan is preparing for an underground test as soon as
 this Sunday.

            The Washington Post stresses that the second round of Indian
 explosions was just as much a surprise to the world as the first. The
 NYT emphasizes the defiance of the second round. The

            Post's reporting suggests that Indian motivations are not crystal clear,
 with one senior aide to Prime Minister Vajpayee quoted as saying that the tests
 were scheduled a month ago and were not intended as a rebuff to international
 criticism, while another stated, "The news of the day is: India defies world
 opinion." Officially, report the Times , the Post and the Wall Street Journal consider abiding by some of the provisions of
 the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty and repeated its rejection of Clinton's
 demand that it sign the treaty.

            An inside story at the WP describes the U.S. intelligence failure in
 the India matter, and editorials at the Los Angeles Times
 and NYT decry it. The NYT editorial argues that besides our
 spies, the policy folks at State and the White House fell down on the job too,
 given that the new Hindu nationalist government of India talked openly of its
 interest in nuclear weapons. There is a real problem here, but the newspapers
 aren't exempt. Yes, the intelligence agencies and the national security staffs
 are too readily distracted by the current crisis, whatever it is, but the
 dailies are also too crisis-oriented in their coverage.
