
   
   
      
         
            Softwar

            The two antitrust lawsuits filed against Microsoft by the Justice Department
 and twenty states lead at the New York Times ,
 Los
 Angeles Times , and Washington Post . The suits are also flagged at the top of
 the Wall Street Journal front-page news box. They are
 the off-lead at USA Today (and also covered in that paper's front-page
 "cover story"), which leads instead with the news that in working out the $200
 billion highway bill, congressional negotiators dropped the provision that
 would have set a tough national drunk-driving standard.

            The papers all have the same basic lawsuit details: The government and state
 lawyers argue that after an abortive attempt at an "illegal conspiracy" deal
 with browser rival Netscape, Microsoft violated antitrust laws by using its
 virtual lock with Windows to dominate the Internet browser market. Although
 Microsoft has already begun shipping Windows 98, the plaintiffs have asked a
 judge to issue a quick preliminary injunction requiring the company to either
 take its own browser out of that program or also include Netscape's browser.
 And preventing Microsoft from enforcing contracts with online service providers
 that would restrict the providers from also offering their customers
 alternative browsers. (An area, says the NYT , that MS was apparently flexible about before
 negotiations broke down over the weekend.) The state suit additionally asks for
 Microsoft to be forced to change the way it sells its "Office" software to
 computer manufacturers so that they would be freer to license competitors'
 software.

            Bill Gates is quoted in the WP saying that these government demands
 for inclusion of competitors is like "requiring Coca-Cola to include three cans of Pepsi in every
 six-pack." The NYT lead editorial says the analogy is bad because Coke
 isn't a monopoly.

            The government's papers include Microsoft internal e-mails and memos as well
 as interviews and depositions of Microsoft executives, which, USAT says,
 the government attorneys consider smoking-gun evidence.
