
   
   
      
         
            Suharto Say Goodbye

            The continuing Indonesia turmoil leads at USA Today and
 the New York Times
 and is the top non-local story at the Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times . Suharto's surprise announcement that he would step down failed
 to ease political tensions, because he described a gradual and vague transition
 to a successor, and the thousands of student protesters want him out now. "If
 tomorrow Suharto does not step down, there will be a lot of trouble," one
 protester tells USAT . The LAT says it now seems likely Suharto
 will go.

            The papers say that the nation's top opposition leader had called for a
 million demonstrators to take to the streets of Jakarta, and that the military,
 primarily via stern television messages, urged them not to. The WP 's
 veteran correspondent Keith Richburg says the scene at the Indonesian parliament, where students have
 taken over the grounds and buildings, is "eerily reminiscent of Beijing's
 Tiananmen Square." Mirroring earlier reporting, the NYT says relations between the students and troops appear
 friendly.

            A State Department spokesman is quoted in USAT and the WP
 saying that because of the upheaval, the IMF will probably delay delivery of
 its next bailout payment. The World Bank has already done this.

            The WP confuses with a front-page piece asking whether comparing
 health insurers' reimbursement handling of Viagra to their handling of birth
 control pills reveals a bias towards men. The second paragraph of the story says
 that more than half of Viagra prescriptions are being subsidized by health
 plans, and the sixth paragraph says that slightly more than half of all birth
 control pills are. Where's the bias? Why do we need this story?

            The NYT 's front reports on the first hard political consequences of
 the China money-for-missile-technology charges it aired last week: Newt
 Gingrich announced Tuesday he'll seek to set up a special House panel to look into the allegations.
