
   
   
      
         
            Oregon Crazy

            A fifteen-year-old's shooting spree at his Oregon high school leads USA Today . A
 record deal--the planned purchase of PolyGram by Seagram Co.--leads at the
 Los
 Angeles Times . The New York Times
 national edition lead is the new president of Indonesia's first day in office.
 Under a banner headline, the Washington Post goes with long-time Mayor Marion Barry's
 decision not to run for re-election, but its top national story is Oregon.

            The details of the Oregon shootings are, in the words of the WP ,
 "disturbingly familiar": a kid well-known for trouble acts out prior threats
 via his access to tremendous firepower. According to the dailies, the boy,
 Kipland Kinkel, shot up the school cafeteria with a rifle and two pistols,
 killing one student and wounding twenty-six. The carnage was stopped when a
 critically wounded student tackled Kinkel. USAT , WP and
 LAT report that two bodies, believed to be that of Kinkel's parents,
 were later found in his house. The NYT reached the boy's grandmother,
 who said that he "murdered his mother and father."

            Afterwards, some parents charged that the school had ample warning that
 Kinkel posed a danger to others. The day before yesterday, he had been
 suspended from school and arrested for bringing a gun to school, and he was
 released to his parents. And he had, the papers say, frequently written and
 talked about killing in school assignments. USAT reports that he had
 been voted by classmates "most likely to start World War III.''

            Both the NYT and WP quote an expert's observation that the recent
 trend of school shootings has accelerated from single specific victims to
 indiscriminate multiple homicides.

            The LAT is the only paper putting merger over murder today. Its account of
 Seagram/Polygram seems a bit breathless. The deal, says the paper's lead
 paragraph, involves the likes of Hanson, LL Cool J, Van Morrison, and Luciano
 Pavarotti.
