
   
   
      
         
            Aum My God!

            The pledge by Indonesia's new leader, B.J. Habibie, to hold elections within
 one year leads at USA Today , the New York Times
 and the Washington Post . The Los Angeles
 Times puts Indonesia on the front but leads with the dispute between
 California's Gov. Wilson and the Clinton administration over how much to pay
 former welfare recipients for the state-supplied community service jobs they
 are offered when they cannot find work on their own. The feds say pay minimum
 wage. The state says that's not necessary, since welfare-to-work is an
 assistance program not an employment program.

            The election pledge is one of several reforms announced yesterday in
 Indonesia. The NYT lead reports that two prominent political prisoners
 were released late Monday night, one a labor leader jailed for inciting a riot,
 and the other a former legislator jailed for insulting Suharto. (The WP
 puts this in a separate piece deep inside.) The country's justice minister said
 that the release of other political prisoners will follow soon. Also,
 USAT reports (and the WP implies), plans are underway for a trial
 of the fourteen soldiers suspected in the killings of six demonstrators during
 the riots that toppled Suharto. And, says USAT , the government also
 announced it will review its business dealings with companies owned by former
 Suharto. The WP describes this move in stronger terms: the beginning of
 "severing" the government's close links with those companies. The LAT
 says that already under the new policy some small public works contracts have
 been canceled. The WP and LAT note that Habibie's pronouncements
 came just one day before the International Monetary Fund is due to begin
 negotiating terms for release of the latest installment of a stalled $43
 billion bailout package.

            The Post says that the military is strongly supporting reform. The
 LAT says that Habibie does not enjoy military support and that these
 moves appear to ensure that he will be an "interim figure.
