
   
   
      
         
            Congress Drifts and Coasts

            The near-global stock market plunge, with an especially deep crisis in
 Moscow, leads at USA Today , the Los Angeles
 Times , and the New York
 Times . A behind-the-scenes look at the just-unsealed ruling against the
 White House's use of executive privilege in the Monica Lewinsky investigation
 leads at the Washington Post (and is the top national story at the
 NYT , LAT and USAT ).

            On Wednesday, market indexes dropped in Hong Kong, Japan, Frankfurt, Paris,
 London, and the U.S. (although by the end of trading, the Dow had recovered
 most of the day's losses). Nothing compared with Russia's troubles though,
 where yesterday's 10 percent dip in the stock market meant a cumulative
 shrinkage of 40 percent this month. USAT says the proximate cause was
 Moody's downgrading the rating of five Japanese banks and deploring the entire
 banking system of Indonesia. The WP cites that as well as indications
 Hong Kong is set to announce its first GDP slip in a decade. All of this fits
 under the NYT 's general explanation: investors are increasingly shunning
 markets in developing countries.

            Sometimes the narrative in economic flash stories is a little brisk. What
 can the non-economist get from such sentences as USAT 's "In a bid to
 restore confidence, the Russian central bank tripled key interest rates to a
 staggering 150%."? Staggering interest rates just don't sound confidence
 building. The NYT and LAT leads, which focus on the Russian
 economy, meet this challenge with the sprinkling of additional Econ 101
 information required: jacked-up rates of return encourage investors to hold on
 to their rubles rather than selling them for dollars. Still, the reader can't
 help but be confused by the widely quoted pronouncement by the head of the IMF:
 "Contrary to what markets and commentators are imagining, this is not a
 crisis."

            The dailies report that federal judge Norma Johnson agreed with President
 Clinton that executive privilege for both the president and First Lady, as well
 as lawyer-client privilege for certain presidential discussions with aides, are
 legitimate notions.
