
   
   
      
         
            Intriguing Disenchantment
            

            Dear Chris,

            Yeah, right: a lot of Velvet Underground, a lot of Hendrix. And
 occasionally, they'd kick back with some Milton Babbitt or that guy Ornette
 Coleman stole all his ideas from.

            If history is written by the winners, is rock history written by the losers?
 By wounded fans correcting popular slights, redeeming ignored heroes?

            Miller gets his most contentious in the Velvet Underground chapter, when he
 challenges critic David Fricke's statement that the Velvets were " 'exiled from
 the mainstream' ... greeted with " 'almost total rejection.' " No, says Miller,
 the Velvets' debut had an "instant impact," going on to peak at No. 171 on
 Billboard's album chart. He then spins this not especially supportive
 datum (think how many fewer records were released in 1967) by saying how it
 should be compared not with the sales of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones but
 with those of minimalist composer La Monte Young, whose influence, via violist
 John Cale, the Velvets brought to rock 'n' roll. This has got to be some of the
 most tortured logic I've ever seen. Why can't he just say the Velvets were a
 great, hugely influential cult band? Maybe he didn't want to recycle the line
 about how few bought their records but everyone who did formed a band.

            As I skim Flowers in the Dustbin for fresh anecdotes (which we agree
 may be the book's real pleasure), I realize how many of Miller's vignettes seem
 chosen with an eye to '90s academic interests--gender, thanatos, whiteness
 studies. Not too shocking given his day job, but sometimes these pieces of
 "evidence" seem pretty chimerical, other times just hilarious.

            For instance, did you know ...

            

               That the Beatles singular revolution in rock sensibility was "camp," and
 that this was achieved through "the intersection of the band's alienated look
 and [impresario Brian Epstein's] longing gaze"--"a reverie of young lads in
 leather"?
