
   
   
      
         
            Nuclear Pakistandoff

            Everybody leads with the expected, but still earthshaking, first Pakistani
 nuclear blasts. A measure of the event's significance is that the New York Times ,
 Washington Post and Los Angeles
 Times each go with two front-page bomb stories. The LAT and
 WP feature big above-the-fold pictures of jubilant Pakistanis. The
 NYT front features instead a shot of Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz
 Sharif walking alongside his army chief, both men grim-faced.

            The Pakistanis claim to have set off five explosions, although USA Today and
 WP reports that the U.S. confirmed only one. (The NYT says "as
 few as two.") But, according to USAT , the LAT and the
 Times , U.S. officials are concerned that there will soon be at least one
 more Pakistani atomic blast. And Pakistan announced, says the WP and
 NYT , that it is already fitting nuclear warheads on its long-range
 missiles. The LAT quotes an expert saying that this missile claim may be
 more a statement of intent than fact. And the LAT is likewise consoling
 elsewhere in its reporting, quoting three experts to the effect that India and
 Pakistan may not henceforth feel the need to match each other weapon for
 weapon.

            President Clinton made an eleventh-hour attempt to head all this off with a
 phone call to Sharif late Wednesday. (And the WP reports that the
 Chinese, the source of most of the Pakistanis' atomic know-how, also tried
 getting them to stop the tests.) But Sharif's announcement of the
 explosions--"Today, we have settled the score with India"--shows what Clinton
 was up against. The LAT says that among Pakistanis there was "intense,
 nearly unanimous" support for testing an atomic weapon. The NYT reports that in the hours just prior to conducting the
 tests, Pakistan summoned India's diplomatic envoy and accused India of planning
 a pre-emptive military strike on Pakistan's atomic testing center.

            In response to the A-blasts, under the same automatic provision of U.
