
   
   
      
         
            NYT Buries Lead!

            The Washington Post leads with indications that President
 Clinton may drop his appeal of last week's court decision holding that his top
 aides may be questioned by Kenneth Starr. The New York Times
 goes with Clinton's comment Sunday that the U.S. would support new
 international financial aid to Russia if its debt situation worsens. USA Today
 leads with this year's big increase in killer tornadoes--nearly double the
 twister death toll for all of 1997, and a 365 percent increase over the total
 for 1996. The Los Angeles Times leads with the likelihood that Congress
 will approve the most sweeping changes in bankruptcy law in decades--which will
 make it significantly harder for those with annual family incomes over $50,000
 to wipe out their debts. The WP lead is on the USAT front but no
 others. Neither the NYT nor LAT leads are on anybody else's
 front.

            Besides executive privilege, the WP reports that two other
 legal decisions incident to the Lewinsky case must also be made soon: whether
 the DOJ will challenge a court decision ordering Secret Service agents to
 testify, and whether Clinton himself will testify before Starr's grand
 jury.

            According to the NYT , Clinton's Sunday statement concerning debt assistance to Russia
 was timed to spread calm among the Asian financial markets before they opened
 for the week. A senior administration official tells the paper that direct U.S.
 aid is not being contemplated, but rather IMF and World Bank monies, which
 means 80 percent non-U.S. funds. The Times offers a helpful explanation
 of the hoped-for result: once investors realize the U.S. and the international
 funds are determined to support Russia, they will stop dumping the ruble, which
 may mean that actually making the loans becomes unnecessary. This is, says the
 NYT , "a form of deterrence theory." The story runs inside at the
 WP .

            The Wall Street Journal runs a front-page story about how stockbrokers hustle clients .
