
   
   
      
         
            Bad Heart of Darkness

            
               USA
 Today leads with the manufacturer's withdrawal from the market of a
 widely used heart drug. (The story is flagged on the Wall Street Journal front and runs inside at the Washington Post and the New York
 Times .) The heart attack death of Nigerian dictator, Sani Abacha, leads
 the NYT and is also the top non-local story at the WP . (Abacha
 also gets front-page space at the Los Angeles
 Times .) The $32 billion bank merger of Wells Fargo and Norwest leads at
 the LAT , which also features top of the page pictures of the three
 remaining Beatles together in London at the Linda McCartney memorial service.
 It was their first joint public appearance since the "rooftop session" at Abbey
 Road in 1969.

            Other stories getting lots of front and front-section space include: the
 federal anti-trust suit brought against Intel for allegedly withholding
 technical data from such companies as Digital and Compaq as punishment for not
 licensing their technology to the chip maker; the decision of the European
 Union--and soon, it's reported, of the U.S. too--to ban new investments in
 Serbia and to freeze its foreign assets as a sanction against Serbia for its
 latest military actions against Albanians in Kosovo; and the agreement by Honda
 and Ford to pay $24.9 million in civil fines to settle Justice Department and
 EPA claims that the companies arranged for cars to emit substantially more
 pollutants than they are supposed to. There is very little explanation in these
 Honda/Ford stories about why the companies did this. USAT and the
 WP say Ford did it to improve fuel economy, but don't really get into
 Honda's motivation. And the other papers miss the explanatory boat regarding
 both companies.

            Roche Laboratories pulled its heart drug Posicor off the world market Monday
 because of potentially lethal interactions with numerous other medications. The
 FDA, says USAT , has received reports of 24 deaths that may be related to
 the medication, which is used for chest pain and high blood pressure by about
 400,000 patients worldwide--200,000 in the U.
