
   
   
      
         
            Hugh Profits?

            As is not uncommon for a Monday, no two of the big papers have the same
 lead. The Los Angeles Times leads with the White House reaction to
 the weekend revelation that Kenneth Starr served as a source to reporters
 working the Monica Lewinsky story. USA Today
 leads with NATO's preparations for warning flights today near Kosovo. The
 New York Times
 goes with today's start of a U.N. conference considering the establishment of a
 permanent international court for prosecuting crimes against humanity. And the
 top national story at the Washington Post is the national trend of grieving parents of murdered children working to create
 laws designed to protect other children from the fates met by their own.
 The most famous examples--Megan's Law (federal: requires notifying a
 neighborhood of the presence of a convicted sex offender), the Jimmy Ryce Act
 (Florida) and Stephanie's Law (Kansas: both provide for the commitment to a
 mental hospital of dangerous repeat sex offenders after the expiration of their
 prison terms)-- are but the tip of a legislative iceberg that, the Post
 reports, currently consists of at least 50 such laws added to the books in the
 past 18 months. The paper observes that the anxiety over child safety among
 current parents, the largest generation of American parents ever, has
 considerably broadened the constituency for victims' rights.

            The LAT lead reports that in response to Starr's
 admission in a Content magazine interview that he spoke privately to
 reporters about potential witnesses in Clinton-related inquiries, the White
 House took to the Sunday airwaves to charge that such actions were illegal and
 that fair inquiry into Clinton will be completely in question until they are
 investigated. In short, we have hit the meta-motherlode: a claim that the
 independent counsel's investigation needs...an independent counsel's
 investigation. Lewis Carroll, call your office.

            And things get curiouser and curiouser as the LAT tries to report on
 the possible wrongdoing here while at the same time exculpating its own prior
 interactions with Starr.
