
   
   
      
         
            Econ Games

            Different leads all around. The Washington Post leads with the dramatic rebound Thursday in
 the Asian financial markets off Wednesday's U.S.-Japan coordinated yen buy. The
 Los
 Angeles Times goes with the U.S.' widening monthly trade deficit for
 April--attributable, says the paper, to a much-reduced demand for U.S. exports
 among the crisis-stricken Asian economies. The LAT says the April
 deficit is a record, whereas the Wall Street Journal says it's the worst since 1992. But
 both papers indicate it's widely believed the numbers mean the Asian economic
 crisis will soon enough affect U.S. productivity and employment. The New York Times
 goes with word that Iraq is violating post-Gulf War U.N. sanctions on its oil
 trade by smuggling large quantities of oil into Turkey. The smuggling involves
 thousands of tanker trucks openly transporting millions of tons of fuel along
 roads in northern Iraq that are under U.S and allied air surveillance. Even
 though the U.S. has lobbied hard to keep the sanctions in place and these
 shipments are enriching Saddam's government and his family, officials tell the
 paper that the U.S. has chosen to look the other way because the illicit trade
 also benefits American ally Turkey as well as the Kurds who keep Saddam Hussein
 from controlling Northern Iraq. USA Today leads with the aftermath of the tobacco
 bill's defeat: A scaled-down Republican-sponsored House measure that neither
 raises cigarette prices nor offers tobacco companies legal indemnification but
 which would take aim at teen smoking by revoking the drivers' licenses of
 teenagers caught with tobacco, as well as the determination of numerous state
 attorneys general to pursue their individual lawsuits.

            The WP lead reports that at a Thursday news conference
 Japanese Prime Minister Hashimoto appeared delighted with the success of that
 U.S.-Japan yen buy and pledged himself ready to "do my best to help write off
 bad loans, achieve growth driven by domestic demand, open Japanese markets
 further and promote deregulation.
