
   
   
      
         
            Next Year in an Expanded Jerusalem

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with Israel's controversial plan to
 expand Jerusalem's borders. The Washington Post leads with President Clinton's call for
 surveys to determine which cigarette brands underage smokers prefer. The
 New York Times , prone to leading with financial
 news, claims that while inflation remains down, prices for many products are
 zooming (to consumers' annoyance).

            Israel's Prime Minister Netanyahu wants to expand Jerusalem's borders,
 "strengthening" the 70% Jewish majority in the city, and increasing the city's
 tax base. The unilateral gerrymandering move goes sharply against U.S. and
 Palestinian wishes, and all the papers agree this further jeopardizes the peace
 process. USAT quotes a Palestinian official calling this a "declaration
 of war on the Palestinian presence" in Jerusalem. Many soon-to-be-annexed
 Jewish neighborhoods protested the higher taxes they'll pay once encompassed by
 the city's borders. (The NYT adds that some of these Jews had earlier
 fled Jerusalem to escape its heavily orthodox culture.) While the other papers
 all put the story out front and above the fold, the WP oddly buries it
 on page A22.

            The WP lead, in tune with the paper's heavier focus on domestic
 politics, covers Clinton's plan to keep annual stats on which tobacco brands
 are most popular with minors. The executive order directs the Department of
 Health and Human Services to survey smokers aged 12 through 17, salvaging a
 provision that was originally in the failed tobacco bill. The WP sees
 the move as 1) image bolstering for Clinton, and 2) "a useful way to put public
 pressure on the [tobacco] firms." USAT , the NYT , and the
 LAT all leave the story off their front pages.

            The NYT lead says both inflation and the Consumer Price Index are low
 and steady, but Americans are still griping about high prices. How can this be?
 The CPI averages costs for "thousands of goods and services," and most
 essentials (food, gas, cars) are fairly cheap.
