
   
   
      
         
            Principals Make Out

            The Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times and USA Today all lead with the Supreme Court's 5-4 ruling that
 school districts may not be held responsible for sexual relations between
 teachers and students unless school officials know about and fail to stop the
 activity. The New York Times
 makes the school ruling its off-lead but goes its own way by leading with the
 Clinton administration's order of sweeping new protections for Medicare
 recipients that will require private health plans treating them to guarantee
 access to specialists, the provision of translators when needed and medical
 record confidentiality. The order also grants Medicare beneficiaries the right
 to obtain information about the financial condition of a private heath plan and
 about how its doctors are paid.

            
               USAT notes that the Court's school decision will make it much harder
 for student victims of sexual abuse and harassment to win damages. The
 LAT adds that this will be true even at schools that fail to establish
 sexual harassment policies and fail to give students a way to complain about
 abuses. The NYT reports that in his dissent, Justice John Paul Stevens
 said the decision gives school districts an incentive not to take steps to
 protect students. The Times lead editorial says the decision "perversely
 deprived" students and their families of an effective legal remedy. The
 WP best communicates the scope of the ruling by eschewing in its lead sentence
 the generality of "sexual abuse" ( LAT ) and "sexual relations"
 ( USAT ) in favor of the concreteness of referring to students who are
 "sexually taunted, groped or harassed." Everybody points out that the Court
 will be ruling soon on the similar question of employer responsibilities
 regarding supervisors' sexual harassment of workers in a job setting. But there
 is another bit of context missing from all accounts: what responsibilities the
 law currently assigns to school districts with regard to other sorts of teacher
 misconduct.
