
   
   
      
         
            Cable Hook-Up

            Tech/biz dominates today. USA Today and the Washington Post lead with AT&T's purchase of cable
 company TCI. (The story is also on the front at the New York Times
 and is flagged in the Wall Street Journal 's front-page news digest.) The
 NYT leads with the ruling by a federal appeals court undoing a previous
 lower court order that had required Microsoft to make Windows 95 available
 separate from its Internet Explorer browser. The ruling is widely viewed as
 boding well for the company's upcoming federal antitrust trial concerning the
 company's joint packaging of Windows 98 and IE. (This story also makes the
 USAT and Los Angeles Times fronts and the WSJ front news box
 and gets a front-page "reefer" at the WP .) The LAT leads with the
 Clinton administration's expected announcement today of a plan for giving
 minority firms preferences in the awarding of government contracts when
 independent surveys show that their share of federal business is smaller than
 their overall market share. The White House hopes, the paper reports, that the
 new approach will satisfy a Supreme Court ruling that minority set-asides per
 se are unconstitutional and that race-based awards are permissible only if they
 are a remedy for a proven record of discrimination. Nobody else puts the new
 preference plan on the front page.

            Of the early editions of the papers available to TP, only USAT 's
 flatly states that the ATT/TCI business was a done deal. The acquisition, says
 the paper, will shake both the cable and phone businesses, giving TCI new clout
 and phone expertise and allowing AT&T to offer local phone service over
 TCI's cable lines. The deal could, says USAT 's "Money" section analysis
 piece, mark the beginning of real competition in both local phone service and
 cable TV. But the Post shows that it also contains the seeds of greater
 monopolies: TCI already has a cable monopoly in virtually every one of its
 service areas, while AT&T already has more than 50 percent of the
 long-distance market.
