
   
   
      
         
            A Wonderful Life

            This is one of those days where what the papers are telling us is most
 newsworthy via their use of the traditional tools of placement and headline
 size is mostly spinach--important sure, but...yecch. Yes, the top right-hand
 column of the New York Times tells
 us that France will give in to President Clinton and agree to limit the
 expansion of NATO to just three former East Bloc countries for now (that's the
 national edition--the Metro edition uses that prime print estate for a story
 about New York Governor Pataki's decision to abandon a major welfare cutback).
 Sure, the Times , the Wall Street Journal, and USA TODAY give
 prominent play to an oil tanker called the Diamond Grace making a big mess in
 Tokyo Bay. And yes, the Washington Post uses its top right to report "President, Congress
 Close in on Tax Deal." The majors also dutifully tell us that today's New
 England Journal of Medicine concludes that power lines probably don't give
 you leukemia. But, c'mon, today's real news leader is a little further down on
 the front page--Jimmy Stewart (except at the Los Angeles Times
 that is, where naturally, it leads). The editors front the story as high as
 they can because they know there really was a loss here, of a combination of
 talent and a larger sense of purpose that is utterly absent from entertainment
 today.

            And the obit staffs do some good reporting. (Although there is a discrepancy
 about the cause of death. Most of the papers say it was cardiac arrest. The
 NYT and Associated Press go with a blood clot in the lung.) USAT
 relates that in 1940, when Stewart won his first Oscar, for "The Philadelphia
 Story," he had voted for his friend Henry Fonda (in "The Grapes of Wrath"), and
 reveals that for Stewart's famous filibuster scene in "Mr. Smith Goes to
 Washington," the actor had a doctor apply a mercury solution to his vocal
 chords to give him a raspy throat. The NYT reports that Stewart left
 Hollywood stardom to join the Air Force nine months before Pearl Harbor,
 and that one of his stepsons was killed in Vietnam.
