
   
   
      
         
            I Fear New York in June, How About You?

            
               USA
 Today , the New York Times , and the Washington Post all lead with President Clinton's speech to
 students at Beijing University. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a regional story on the debate over how to use
 California's budget surplus: State Democrats want across-the-board increases in
 welfare aid; Republicans want to restrict the increases to the blind, aged, and
 disabled.

            The papers' early editions spin Clinton's Beijing speech in vastly different
 ways. USAT , the LAT , and the NYT all judge the talk a
 human-rights statement, emphasizing Clinton's line that "certain rights are
 universal" and are "the birthrights of people everywhere." The USAT
 sub-headline: "2nd televised talk stresses human rights." But the WP
 disagrees: "Aides said the president's aim was to avoid a lecture about human
 rights--which he felt the Chinese would dismiss as hectoring by an outsider."
 While the other papers all call this the centerpiece of Clinton's China trip,
 the WP claims that Clinton's team thought the televised press conference
 with Jiang Zemin had usurped this role, and so were downplaying the Beijing
 speech. Two more details set the WP story apart: 1) It alone reports
 that Clinton "scrapped" the speech his aides wrote and penned a new one
 himself, and 2) Its reporter alone openly admits he has only read an advance
 copy of the speech, and not yet seen Clinton deliver it. Were the other papers
 able to file later? Or (TP's hunch) are they concealing what the WP
 reveals?

            The NYT front page reports on the HIV epidemic among
 African-Americans. The initial sentences suggest a fast-growing plague: Blacks
 "now account for 57% of all new infections" with HIV; AIDS is "the leading
 cause of death among black people aged 25 to 44"; and AIDS "is becoming largely
 an epidemic among black people." Not until the fourth paragraph does the paper
 explain that "the recent demographic shifts.
