
   
   
      
         
            Federal Head Case

            Everybody has their own idea about the lead. USA Today
 goes with May's single-month record level of sales of new single-family homes.
 The New York Times
 leads with a major new Serbian military assault on Albanian rebels in Kosovo, a
 story not on anybody else's early edition front. The Times off-lead is
 President Clinton's arrival in Shanghai and his anticipated contact with
 ordinary citizens there. The Los Angeles Times leads with the California
 legislature's passage of a bill protecting employees over age 40 from being
 replaced by younger and hence lower-paid workers purely on grounds of age. The
 Washington Post goes with the decision by
 Washington, D.C. and Baltimore to make a joint bid for hosting the 2012
 Olympics. But both papers give prime above-the-fold space to President Clinton
 in China.

            If the pace of new home sales persists, says USAT , 1998's totals will
 be a 35-year high. Low mortgage rates, dipping below 7 percent for 30-year
 fixed-rates, are cited as a key factor. The Times Bosnia dispatch, by
 blue-chip foreign correspondent Chris Hedges, describes an increasingly serious
 situation: Thousands of Serbian police and troops backed by artillery and tanks
 pressing into the Albanian forces surrounding a Serbian pocket. The area is
 described, says Hedges, by U.S. envoy Richard Holbrooke as "the most dangerous
 place in Europe." Angry heavily armed Serbian civilians, many of whom say they
 had been pushed out of their homes recently by the Albanian rebels, appear to
 be gathering to reenter their town on the heels of the military assault. One
 elderly woman clutching a small bag of her belongings gives this situation
 report: "We have become Bosnia."

            The you-are-there feel of the story is upset only slightly by the
 disorienting avalanche of Seussian place-names in such passages as: "The police
 closed the main road from Pristina to Pec soon after dawn. Policemen on the
 road to Belacevac near Obilic, northwest of Pristina, were.
