
   
   
      
         
            Unreasonable Dowd

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with Linda Tripp's grand jury
 appearance, a story that also makes the others' fronts. The New York Times
 goes with new data indicating that the birth rate for unmarried black women is
 the lowest it's been in 40 years. The Los Angeles
 Times 's top non-local story is the decision by 19 countries to form an
 alliance aimed at resisting the immersion of their indigenous cultures in a
 rising worldwide tide of U.S.-made movies, television and music.

            For all the drama of Tripp's appearance at the federal courthouse, since for
 a change there were no leaks of testimony, the story has one shortcoming that
 should have thumbnailed it inside next to the corset ads: it produced no news.
 In a nice bit of subversion, the Tripp reporters off-load a good deal of the
 ink unaccountably granted to them on copious descriptions of non-events. The
 Times ' James Bennet describes a British tv reporter
 taping a Fox News tv reporter taping his spot. And the WP 's Bill Miller and Susan Schmidt report that the
 AP reported that Tripp was carrying a Chanel handbag, then add that others in
 the media thought the stitching wasn't up to Chanel standards. Hope their
 editors got the point.

            The NYT reports that new numbers from the National Center for Health
 Statistics show a 1996 birth rate among unmarried black women of 74.4 births per
 1,000, down significantly from the 90.7 per 1,000 recorded in 1989. This is an
 important story and the Times is to be saluted for stepping over Tripp
 wires to run it where it belongs, but one still has the feeling the piece
 somewhat mishandles the information. Several times high up, the drop is
 credited to increased sex education and condom use among blacks. All this in a
 newspaper that in recent days has reported that although blacks make up but 13
 percent of the population, they account for 57 percent of all new HIV cases.
 And the piece waits until its fifteenth paragraph to mention welfare reform,
 which removed a financial incentive for having children out of wedlock--and
 then, claiming that the drop has been steady long before welfare reform was
 passed, says that "according to some people who monitor fertility rates" it was
 not a significant factor.
