
   
   
      
         
            Teachers' Pet Peeves

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with the rejection of a proposed
 merger of the nation's two main teachers' unions by the membership of one of
 them, the National Education Association (and this is the off-lead at the
 New York Times
 and is above the fold at the Los Angeles Times ). The NYT leads with the
 retreat of the nation's biggest HMOs from managed care programs for the poor
 and the elderly. The LAT goes with the launch in Yugoslavia's troubled
 Kosovo province of patrols jointly conducted by U.S., British, and Russian
 diplomatic observers. The patrols, explains the paper, were first proposed by
 the Russians but have since been embraced by the U.S. envoy Richard Holbrooke,
 who stresses that the two countries are now working together to defuse the
 Kosovo crisis.

            Both USAT and the WP explain that had the NEA merged with the
 American Federation of Teachers, this would have created the U.S.' largest
 labor union. The WP says that the no vote came even though the leaders of both unions favored
 the move. The merger idea, says the Post , had gained strength recently
 in response to increased attempts to limit teacher rights and to give students
 publicly funded vouchers to attend private schools. But, both papers say, the
 stumbling block appears to be a fear among NEA members of becoming affiliated
 with the AFL-CIO, of which the AFT is a member. The WP mentions an NEA
 fear of being aligned too closely with the causes and politics of the AFL-CIO
 without specifying what these are. The paper does explain that the NEA tends to
 view itself as more non-partisan and more like a professional organization
 (like the AMA) than a trade union. USAT says that according to the NEA,
 the rivalry between the unions cost $100 million between 1973 and 1992.

            According to the NYT , general operating losses and cuts in government
 payments have prompted the country's biggest HMOs--such names as Pacificare,
 Kaiser Permanente and Blue Cross and Blue Shield--to quit Medicare and Medicaid coverage in many different markets.
