
   
   
      
         
            Rocks and Hard Places

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with a federal appeals court ruling
 that Secret Service agents are not relieved from testifying before Kenneth
 Starr's grand jury by any so-called "protective function" privilege. The story
 is also the New York
 Times 's off-lead. The USAT headline--"Secret Service Staff Must
 Testify"--couldn't be straighter. The NYT 's adds mention of the Lewinsky
 case. And the Post 's highlights the political angle--"Starr Wins An
 Appeal on Privilege." The Los Angeles Times , in its front-page story on the
 decision, high up and succinctly describes the significance: moving Starr "one
 step closer to obtaining testimony from perhaps the last impartial and credible
 witnesses in his investigation." The NYT goes with the death, after
 suddenly taking ill while meeting with U.S. envoys, of Nigeria's most prominent
 political prisoner, Moshood Abiola. The Nigerian government has promised a full
 and prompt autopsy. The story is the WP 's off-lead. The LAT leads
 with the conviction of a 19-year-old Ukrainian immigrant gangbanger for the
 murder of Bill Cosby's son. The Cosby story also grabs the "talker" slot on the
 USAT top front, and runs above the NYT fold. The WP puts
 it inside.

            The LAT runs the Cosby story big, including a front-page picture of
 defendant Mikail Markhasev looking back at the Cosby family members who were in
 court (Bill Cosby wasn't there) as his fate was announced. The story also has
 the most details from the trial evidence, such as running quotes from
 Markhasev's jailhouse letters to another inmate, in which he says that he went
 to kill a drug dealer who wasn't home and then came upon Ennis Cosby fixing a
 flat tire, and details about how the informant who turned Markhasev in to get a
 $100,000 National Enquirer reward testified that the defendant told him
 he'd killed Cosby. The NYT says the informant testified that "Markhasev
 had said he shot a black man," while the WP says the testimony was "I
 killed a [racial epithet].
