
   
   
      
         
            Incomplete Sentences

            
               USA
 Today and the New York
 Times lead with the passage of a major IRS overhaul. The Washington Post goes with Big Tobacco's negotiations with
 numerous states in an attempt to settle their claims, which remain in the wake
 of Congress' failure to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation. The LAT leads
 with the California Supreme Court's ruling that women may not sue Dow Chemical
 Co. for any alleged harm caused by its breast implant subsidiary Dow Corning
 Corp. The paper points out this limits implant plaintiffs to a share of the
 pool of money in the Dow Corning settlement announced Wednesday. None of the
 other leads even makes the Los Angeles Times 's front--hey, it's the Silicone
 Valley.

            Both IRS leads supply the bill's basic facts: it establishes an outside
 board designed to trim the agency's powers and shifts the burden of proof in
 tax cases from the filer to the IRS. And both have the tacked-on provision
 shortening the holding period required for the optimal tax treatment of capital
 gains (although only USAT mentions that this will cost $13 billion over
 the next decade.) The NYT gets into details about the organizational
 overhaul that USAT does not. On the other hand, who do you think gave a
 clearer account of the president's Gumbyesque history with the bill? The
 NYT says, "Although the administration had opposed the bill in its early
 stages last year, the measure built up unstoppable momentum after a series of
 hearings in the Senate Finance Committee laid out horror stories from
 taxpayers..." while USAT puts it thus: "Clinton, who initially resisted
 the overhaul, now says he looks forward to signing the bill."

            The tobacco/states talks broke up Wednesday, the WP reports, over the
 states' demands for an up-front payment of about $20 billion, twice the amount
 the companies offered in last year's negotiated settlement, left in limbo by
 the failure of the Congress to implement it.
