
   
   
      
         
            Hollywood Grabs Blair Witch's Coattails
            

            Judging from the fervent response to my 
 piece on The Blair Witch Project , the role played by the Internet in
 the success of this movie is not a myth. One of the surprising things about the
 response, though, was how many people hated the film. In part, it did
 sound like a classic case of a movie that in two weeks went from being a
 sleeper to being overhyped, so that people who saw Blair Witch after,
 say, August 6 were led to believe they were about to see the greatest horror
 film ever made. But I was still surprised, since I thought that the quality of
 the film was not something people would contest.

            In any case, there are two other interesting points to make about Blair
 Witch as a marketing/economic phenomenon. The first is that the film's
 mainstream success--it's now grossed more than $108 million--speaks to the
 tremendous flexibility of even as hidebound an industry as Hollywood. Blair
 Witch is owned, after all, by Artisan Entertainment, a small independent
 distribution company that specializes in true art-house films like Wim Wenders'
 Buena Vista Social Club (which you should, by the way, see at all
 costs). But Artisan was able to get Blair Witch into 2,400 theaters all
 over the country in the space of just a couple of weeks.

            
               Blair Witch was obviously heavily hyped, and the buzz on the film was
 good, which undoubtedly made selling the film to theater owners easier than it
 would otherwise have been. But there's still something wonderful about the
 speed with which theaters that normally would have had four screens showing
 Deep Blue Sea adopted Blair Witch instead. It's an excellent
 example of how quickly supply rises to meet demand with no planning involved at
 all.

            The second point is more mundane, but also more curious, and it has to do
 with a weird new trend in movie advertising in which one film tries to take
 advantage of the buzz surrounding another film, even though the two movies have
 absolutely nothing in common.
