
   
   
      
         
            IMF'd Up

            The global economy dominates today. USA Today
 leads with the Clinton administration's push for Japan to enact fiscal reforms
 now. The Washington Post leads with the IMF-World Bank $22 billion
 in loans to Russia, which also leads the national edition of the New York Times .
 The metro edition of the Times puts Russia/loans in the off-lead and
 goes instead with a jury's finding that Rev. Al Sharpton and two other Tawana
 Brawley advisors defamed a New York assistant D.A. when they said on several
 occasions 10 years ago that he kidnapped and raped Ms. Brawley. (The verdict
 also makes the WP front.) The Los Angeles
 Times pairs Russia/loans and Japan/reforms together in the lead
 spot.

            According to USAT , the White House is urging Japan to undertake tax
 cuts and banking reforms, and to open up its domestic markets to more foreign
 competition. The U.S. had been counting on Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto to
 do these things, but as a result of his party's severe election losses, he
 resigned Monday. The LAT 's headline indicates doubts any new government
 will be any more capable of swift reform, but what the headline giveth, the
 subhead taketh away: ".but others say losses may jolt party into action." The
 Wall Street Journal back-of-the-front-section
 "Politics and Policy" piece also worries that the post-Hashimoto period may not
 see much improvement.

            Hashimoto will serve, say the papers, until a successor is chosen, probably
 in a week or so. The NYT and LAT do take-outs on the leading
 contenders. The LAT , perhaps reflecting a city loaded with Japanese
 restaurants, describes the two most likely successors as respectively "spicy"
 and "bland." The WP fronts an interesting survey of the Japanese
 electorate's mood. One man seems to speak for many when he says his
 anti-Hashimoto vote was a "wake-up call."

            One question not answered in the coverage: Why does reform for Japan mean
 cutting taxes and reform for Russia mean raising taxes?
