
   
   
      
         
            Starr Needs Agent

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with Kenneth Starr's issuance of
 subpoenas Monday for grand jury testimony from the Secret Service agents who
 work closest to President Clinton. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with a GAO report to be released today warning that while
 raising the retirement age would enhance the solvency of the Social Security
 system, it also would cause serious health problems for blue-collar workers.
 The New York Times
 leads with a groundbreaking collaboration between the U.S. and Mexico
 in the investigation of the drug trade: a jailed former head of the Mexican
 national police was recently brought secretly to the U.S. (Houston), where he
 testified about drug payoffs at high levels of the Mexican government.

            
               USAT and the Post note that the latest round of Starr
 subpoenas, supported by an appeals court decision last week impugning the
 notion of "protective privilege," targets agents with far more intimate
 knowledge of presidential behavior and movements than the uniformed Secret
 Service personnel previously interviewed. Because the DOJ is expected to
 contest the subpoenas, the agents' compelled testimony, says USAT , is
 not expected anytime soon. Both the LAT and the NYT put the
 development deep inside. Odd discrepancy: the WP says seven agents were
 subpoenaed while USAT says five.

            Pictures from Northern Ireland of little coffins get lots of front space all
 around. In its news section "cover story," USAT says the arson deaths of
 the three brothers have given both Catholics and Protestants pause and appear
 to have brought Northern Ireland "back to sanity, back from the brink."

            Everybody reports that the airline America West has agreed to pay the FAA
 a fine of at least $2.5 million, the highest ever assessed
 against an air carrier, because of maintenance lapses the agency alleges,
 including continuing to fly 17 airplanes for two years and 41,000 flights past
 the time when detailed inspections of the cargo-door and crew areas were
 required.
