
   
   
      
         
            Prose and Cons

            Befitting a mid-summer news drought, the papers go their separate ways. The
 New York Times
 leads with internal dissension at the DOJ about whether or not Bill Clinton's
 1996 campaign fund-raising activities warranted an independent counsel--Louis
 Freeh says yes and Janet Reno says no. The Washington Post leads with the World Bank's hiring of
 outside auditors to investigate spending from a $25 billion annual development
 project fund after an internal check seemed to suggest kickbacks and
 embezzlement. USA Today leads with the upcoming Senate battle over
 competing Democratic and Republican bills regulating HMOs. President Clinton,
 the paper reports, is making a rare congressional working visit to plump for
 his party's bill, which unlike the GOP alternative, would strike down a
 25-year-old ban against patients suing their health plans. The Los Angeles
 Times front-page story with the most national impact is a federal
 judge's refusal to block California's recent vote to eliminate long-term
 bilingual education.

            The Reno vs. Free disagreement was discussed during Reno's appearance
 yesterday at Senate hearings, but as the Times reminds the reader four
 paragraphs in, it was already aired last winter. But the Times gets
 excited enough by this virtual news to also offer a lead editorial and a
 William Safire column backing Freeh. The WP is much calmer--calling the
 Senate hearing "a familiar scene," and putting it on p. 7.

            The World Bank investigation apparently encompasses, says the
 WP , kickbacks possibly received by a WB official supervising a water
 project in Algeria, possible misuse of a fund set up by the Japanese government
 to subsidize WB staff expenses, and Bank-funded efforts in Russia and
 Indonesia. Three WB officials have been notified that they are under
 investigation. The Post quotes a senior Bank official as saying, "So the
 question is 'Are we clean?' and it's not clear.."

            The WP 's off-lead is that a federal judge will not
 prevent the head of President Clinton's Secret Service detail from being forced
 to testify about Monica Lewinsky.
