
   
   
      
         
            Hail and Farewell . . . At Last

            Three Secret Service agents testified before a federal grand jury yesterday,
 and the surprisingly swift development captured the leads at all three
 papers--the Washington Post , the New York
 Times , and the Los
 Angeles Times . The agents were cleared to testify when Chief Justice
 William Rehnquist denied a last-ditch DOJ appeal to stay their testimony. Even
 before Rehnquist issued his decision ("just four minutes before a high-noon
 deadline," says the ever-dramatic WP ), Kenneth Starr summoned Secret
 Service personnel to the courthouse for two hours of afternoon hearings. Such
 was Starr's haste that he had to use a different grand jury--one that has never
 previously handled the Lewinsky matter--to hear the testimony. Larry Cockell,
 Clinton's top bodyguard, did not testify though he may be called next week.

            Among the legal subtexts to Rehnquist's decision: Even if the Supreme Court
 agrees to hear the government's case that Secret Service agents should not be
 allowed to testify--and, further, in the unlikely event that the Court
 overturns the U.S. Court of Appeals' decision discounting the Secret Service
 claim of "protective function privilege"--the Secret Service's testimony in the
 Lewinsky matter will stand. In a widely quoted statement, Rehnquist said,
 "Disclosure of past events will not affect the President's relationship with
 his protectors in the future." Starr's regular grand jury will hear more
 testimony by the Secret Service next week.

            The Friday burial of Russia's last czar, Nicholas II, and his family--80
 years to the day after their gory cellar deaths the Ural mountains--takes front
 space at all papers. Although President Yeltsin decided to attend the St.
 Petersburg ceremony barely 24 hours before it took place, his remarks were
 heavy with remorse. "All of us are guilty," he said (the LAT uses a
 slightly different translation).
