
   
   
      
         
            Up in Secondhand Smoke

            Today's coverage yields the typical Sunday diversity. The Washington Post lead spells bad news for secondhand smoke
 opponents: on Friday, a federal judge invalidated a 1993 EPA report which had
 declared secondhand smoke a dangerous carcinogen. The New York Times
 lead says that the military may soften its adultery policy by limiting the
 circumstances under which adultery can be prosecuted. The Los Angeles Times lead
 looks at national security lapses connected with the export of satellites to
 China.

            U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Osteen, who issued the secondhand smoke
 ruling covered in the WP , says that the EPA "did not demonstrate a
 statistically significant association between [secondhand smoke] and lung
 cancer." Few studies have convincingly linked secondhand smoke to cancer, and
 the new ruling is sure to reignite the controversy. The government will
 probably appeal the case, according to EPA administrator Carol Browner.

            On the subject of the military's adultery policy, the NYT says that a
 Pentagon committee has proposed changes to the military's Manual for Courts
 Martial that "would result in fewer prosecutions and impose a less-serious
 discharge upon convictions." The movement has generated significant debate
 within the military, which has been periodically beset by sex-related
 controversies. Ironically, the changes in adultery policy must be approved by
 lily-white President Clinton.

            The LAT lead raises concerns about the Pentagon's monitoring of
 satellite exports to China. The fear is that technological expertise from the
 U.S. companies--which supply the satellites--could aid China's ballistic
 missile program. The U.S. government relaxed export controls in 1988. Since
 then, critics charge, the U.S. may have come to "rely too heavily on voluntary
 compliance by U.S. companies." Among the national security oversights cited by
 the LAT : Pentagon monitors were not required to be present at seven of
 12 most recent satellite launches in China; and monitors at five launches did
 not attend prelaunch meetings between U.
