
   
   
      
         
            Brave Newt World

            After Today's Papers: International Papers provides the low-down on overseas
 coverage of the war crimes tribunal, Mandela's birthday, and Queen Elizabeth's
 rising stature in Fiji. The New York Times ,
 Washington Post , and Los Angeles
 Times lead with a story that's already made the rounds once this
 summer--the Nigerian military leader's promise that his country will return to
 democratic civilian rule. What's new is that on Monday he said this would
 happen by May 29, 1999. USA Today also goes with a moldy oldy: It's hot. The only
 really new heat news, on the LAT front and inside at the WP , is
 that the Border Patrol is carrying out search-and-rescue missions to save
 illegal immigrants who court heat death while trying to sneak into the U.S.
 from Mexico. In New Orleans, according to the Post , President Clinton
 said the summer swelter proved global warming.

            The NYT reports that Nigeria's Gen. Abubakar apparently bowed to
 military hawks in not agreeing to hand over power by October 1 to civilian
 authority. (The NYT doesn't explain the significance of the date, but
 the LAT does--it's Nigerian Independence Day.) But in a televised
 speech, he said he would release all political prisoners jailed by the previous
 military regime, allow the formation of political parties, reform the prison
 system and put an end to "lapses" in the management of public funds. The
 speech, says the Times , was intended to reassure Western governments.
 And Abubakar is clearly making the transition to Western political values--he
 summed up his predecessor's reign of corruption and false imprisonment thus:
 "mistakes have been made."

            The Wall Street Journal runs a front-page feature on an
 emerging force in Asian journalism, China's weekly Southern Weekend . The
 paper started out entertainment-oriented but under the leadership of its
 Western-oriented and literate editor, it has grown in circulation and
 profitability as it moved from celebrity news and salacious scandals to real
 investigative reporting.
