
   
   
      
         
            NYU Starin'?

            
               USA
 Today leads with President Clinton's announcement of new federal
 enforcement policies governing nursing homes. The story is also on page one at
 the New York Times ,
 but absent from the other fronts, an odd elision for a slow news day in a
 country getting grayer by the minute. The top national story at the NYT
 and Los
 Angeles Times is the House vote, despite much previous conservative
 consternation, to maintain current levels of financial support for the National
 Endowment for the Arts. The Washington Post 's top national story details the five-month
 manhunt for suspected abortion clinic bomber Eric Rudolph.

            The administration's nursing home plan, says USAT , will require more
 random inspections at night and on weekends and impose immediate civil monetary
 penalties on serious or chronic violators. The NYT sums up the situation
 to which this is a response: Two-thirds of nursing homes are not in full
 compliance with federal standards. And USAT explains the political
 timing of Clinton's announcement: A General Accounting Office report to be
 released Monday will make "explosive" charges of lax federal enforcement.

            The LAT sees the House NEA turnabout as a new comfort level created
 by recently imposed limits on the agency's grant-giving in general and a fresh
 Supreme Court decision allowing limits on the funding of indecent art in
 particular. The NYT instead sees the influence of the fall elections,
 going so far as to call the aforementioned new grant limits "political cover"
 for long-time NEA critics who voted yes. The vote, the paper continues, also
 reflected anti-New York sentiment because under the new endowing rules New
 York, long the NEA's largest beneficiary, can receive no more than 15 percent
 of all direct grant monies.

            The Post reports that the 200 law enforcement trackers braving rough
 terrain, boiling temperatures and snakes in the North Carolina woods in search
 of Rudolph have not garnered any new clues since a neighbor had a run-in with
 him near his hometown on July 14, when Rudolph made off with an ex-neighbor's
 pick-up truck and some food.
