
   
   
      
         
            Capitol Murder

            The Los Angeles Times , Washington Post , and New York
 Times lead with the day's dominant story: a gunman's shooting spree in a
 Capitol corridor that killed two police officers and wounded a tourist. Details
 of the gunman's actions vary among the three papers--all describe a scene of
 great terror and confusion. Russel E. Weston Jr., of Helena, Mont., who had
 been investigated by the Secret Service for making threats against President
 Clinton in 1996, marched past a weapons detector and began firing, killing one
 police officer and mortally wounding a second officer whose own shots brought
 the gunman down. The WP and LAT give personal information on the
 fallen officers, including their marital status (both were married) and number
 of children (2 and 3). The NYT focuses on the details of the shootings,
 including a front-page photo of a bloody, wounded tourist and a description of
 Weston's gun (six-shot .38 caliber Smith and Wesson revolver). All make note of
 Tennessee Republican Senator (and cardiac surgeon) Bill Frist's attempt to aid
 both a wounded officer and the gunman.

            President Clinton's efforts to avoid testifying before a federal grand jury
 make the front page at the LAT and NYT and get a reefer at the
 WP . David Kendall, Clinton's personal lawyer, has been negotiating with
 the Starr camp about possible means of providing information to the Independent
 Counsel without forcing the first ever appearance of an acting President before
 a grand jury. All three papers mention that discussions were initiated by fresh
 talk of a subpoena that, as the NYT quotes an anonymous attorney, had
 been "drawn up and ready for delivery" to the president. The LAT
 stresses Clinton's desire to appear cooperative towards Starr's investigation,
 while the NYT and WP focus on the constitutional showdown that
 could arise should the President be subpoenaed.

            The election of Japanese Foreign Minister Keizo Obuchi as Liberal Democratic
 Party president makes all three fronts.
