
   
   
      
         
            Arrested Development

            The Los
 Angeles Times and Washington Post leads continue reports on the Capitol
 shootings while digging deeper into the gunman's troubled past. The New York Times
 leads with Ken Starr's latest gift for the President: a Federal grand jury
 subpoena.

            The WP describes Russell "Rusty" Weston Jr. as a mentally disturbed
 loner who, when not panning for gold in Montana streams, raved about his ties
 to the Kennedys and being betrayed by President Clinton. The LAT reports
 that the wounded gunman, who has a "50-50" chance of survival, has been charged
 with murder and could receive the death penalty. Both papers note the reopening
 of the Capitol the day after the shootings. The LAT alone specifies the
 shooter's mental illness as paranoid schizophrenia.

            The NYT confirms that President Clinton has been subpoenaed to appear
 before a Federal grand jury--a first ever for a sitting President. Lawyers
 continue negotiating to avoid subjecting Clinton, sans attorney, to jurors'
 questions. While legal scholars can't agree whether Clinton can be forced to
 testify, certain House Democrats have agreed publicly that the President should
 answer the grand jury's inquiries well before November elections.

            Plans to arrest Bosnia's two most wanted war criminals have been scrapped,
 according to a NYT front page piece. Cold-footed French officials and
 fear that arrests would provoke further Serbian aggression undermined the 2
 years and over $100 million spent on training and surveillance in prepararation
 for the roundup. The NYT does not explain why millions of dollars were
 needed to track two men later described as easy to find.

            A WP front page story reports on the acknowledgment of former South
 African 'coloreds' that they are indeed black. Many apartheid-era blacks
 claimed mixed ancestry in order to avoid more severe restrictions, often
 changing family names and falsifying birth records.
