
   
   
      
         
            Queen for a Day

            All five newspapers lead with the same story: Monica Lewinsky met with
 representatives from Starr's office on Monday. The purpose of the face-to-face
 meeting--the first in six months between Starr's camp and Lewinsky--was, of
 course, to discuss testimony she might give in return for an immunity deal. And
 what, exactly, is Lewinsky offering? USA Today and the Wall Street Journal say Lewinsky
 promised Starr she'll testify to a sexual relationship. The Washington Post hedges, saying that as of last Friday
 Lewinsky was willing to admit to sex, but wouldn't say she was encouraged to
 lie. The New York Times and Los Angeles
 Times give no details at all on what Lewinsky offered.

            The NYT calls the meeting a "development fraught with danger for the
 president," while the LAT describes it as "a special legal session known
 as 'Queen for a Day,'." Would the LAT care to explain what on earth this
 means? Nine paragraphs later, non-lawyers learn that in a "queen for a day"
 session, nothing a (female?) defendant says can be used against her.

            A second bit of news mentioned in all four of the Clinton-is-in-hot-water
 lead stories: a District court ruled that Clinton confidant Bruce Lindsey
 cannot claim attorney-client privilege in a criminal investigation because he
 is a government attorney. (A private attorney could claim the privilege.)
 Lindsey can either appeal this ruling or head back into the grand jury room.
 All papers also report that the White House and Starr continue to spar over the
 terms of Clinton's testimony. According to the WSJ , Clinton's attorney
 would like "to sit in on Mr. Clinton's testimony, have it take place at the
 White House, know in advance what it will concern and have limits on its
 scope." Starr, reportedly, is considering the offer.

            All papers but the LAT have page one stories on the proposed merger
 between Bell Atlantic and GTE. The creation of what the WSJ rather
 slobberingly calls a "telecommunications colossus for the 21st century" may be
 tripped up by regulators, say all the papers.
