
   
   
      
         
            Turn of the Screw

            Banner headlines at all papers announce that Monica Lewinsky has been given
 immunity, meaning that she may testify before a grand jury as early as next
 week. Her transactional immunity agreement guarantees that she can't be
 prosecuted for past perjury or witness tampering. (She can be prosecuted if she
 lies to a grand jury--including Starr's--in the future.) All papers agree that
 Lewinsky will admit to sex with the president. But the various papers' unnamed
 sources disagree on whether Lewinsky says Clinton asked her to lie--a question
 that is "the marrow of Starr's inquiry," according to the New York
 Times .

            The NYT headline reports Lewinsky "agrees to tell of pact with
 Clinton to lie." The Washington Post disagrees: Lewinsky says Clinton did
 not ask her to lie, though the two discussed how to avoid cooperating
 with Paula Jones's lawyers. USA Today carries a third version, saying that Lewinsky
 discussed her testimony only with "Clinton associates." And the Los Angeles
 Times carries yet a fourth: Lewinsky doesn't claim to have discussed
 testimony with Clinton and says Clinton never asked her to lie. Both the
 NYT and the WP report that Lewinsky claims no one from the White
 House helped her write the infamous "Talking Points" memo.

            A NYT editorial says Clinton is "in the pincers of an excruciating
 legal squeeze", urges him to come clean with the American people, and predicts
 that Congress won't impeach him even if he admits to having sex with Lewinsky
 and lying afterwards. The corresponding WP editorial applauds the fact
 that the nation will hear what Lewinsky has to say, and asks the White House to
 refrain from savaging her. Another NYT story reports that one of
 Lewinsky's friends says Monica has shown "a shocking amount of grace and
 dignity," over the last six months. If Today's Papers ever musters any grace
 and dignity, he certainly hopes his friends won't find it "shocking."

            All of the major newspapers run page one stories on a tentative accord
 between the United Auto Workers and General Motors.
