
   
   
      
         
            I Just Met a Girl Named Lewinsky

            The New York Times , Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times , and USA
 Today all lead with President Clinton's agreement to testify for
 Kenneth Starr's grand jury. The Wall Street Journal puts the story at the top of its
 World-Wide News box. Clinton will give testimony (scheduled for August 17th)
 from the White House with his lawyer present during Starr's questioning. The
 interview will be videotaped and subsequently presented as evidence in Starr's
 grand jury hearing. Clinton agreed to testify only after Starr withdrew his
 subpoena, thus making the testimony "voluntary." Starr agreed to Clinton's
 demands (videotape, lawyer present) in an effort to avoid any further delays as
 Clinton sought to block the subpoena in court.

            An intriguing detail is caught by the WP and NYT , but missed
 by all other early editions. Monica Lewinsky will offer not just testimony, but
 physical evidence: 1) answering machine messages with Clinton's voice on them
 and 2) the infamous, allegedly semen-stained, sex dress. The NYT
 refrains from characterizing the dress, while the WP valiantly
 euphemizes, referring to possible matter on the dress as "DNA material,"
 "biological material," and "scientific evidence." The WP notes that DNA
 tests linking the dress to Clinton would move the case beyond a "simple,
 he-said-she-said disagreement." The Post adds that the phone messages
 contain nothing suggestive, but do "indicate an unusual relationship between a
 president and a low-level correspondence clerk."

            One of the WP 's three front-page scandal stories spins out possible
 Clinton tactics. Most lawyers say it makes no legal sense for Clinton to agree
 to testify, and thus he must be facing political pressure (a theory first put
 forth by Monday's NYT ) The President can now: 1) Stick with his story
 and contradict Lewinsky, gambling that he'll win a he-said-she-said battle, or
 2) Give a preemptive public speech before his testimony, admitting that he lied
 to "protect his family.
