
   
   
      
         
            Devil on a Blue Dress

            The New York Times and USA Today lead story: A dress surrendered by Monica
 Lewinsky to the FBI will be tested for DNA material, possibly proving a sexual
 relationship between Lewinsky and President Clinton. The Washington Post leads with news of accelerating growth in
 U.S. wages, while the Wall Street Journal leads with fears that we may be
 entering a recession.

            Lewinsky's dress will go to an FBI crime lab, which will extract any found
 "DNA material" (the papers' preferred phrase) for comparison with a DNA sample
 from Clinton's blood or saliva. The entire process could be complete in as soon
 as three days. Only the NYT uses the word "semen" to describe what the
 FBI is looking for. (The other papers force readers to guess that Clinton
 didn't sneeze toward the garment, or perhaps inadvertently drool on it.) The
 WSJ calls the dress "black," while sharp-eyed USAT deems it
 "midnight blue." USAT also claims that lab analysts must determine
 "whether the quality or quantity [of semen] is sufficient" for accurate
 testing, meaning a legal break for the President might be an affront to his
 manhood. The WSJ and Los Angeles Times put Clinton stories out front and
 above the fold, while the suddenly prudish WP leaves the scandal off its
 front entirely.

            The WP lead notes that U.S. wages and benefits rose 3.5 percent in
 the last year--the biggest one-year gain since 1993. Tight labor markets have
 spurred higher salaries, which in turn have spurred record consumer spending.
 The Post adds that, despite the wage gains and consumer confidence, the
 economy has slowed down, but still asserts that "few if any economists are
 worried that the nation is on the brink of a recession." The WSJ
 dissents. While recognizing the wage and spending lifts, the WSJ lead
 argues that many indeed fear an impending recession: "Signs are emerging that
 some important engines of recent growth--particularly profits and business
 investment--are faltering.
