
  
  
    
      The Salvation Army 3100 N. Meridian Street Indianapolis, IN
      46208-4718
      June 1, 1999
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Mr. Name,
      The Salvation Army received a note not long ago from a woman who makes
      contributions to our programs from time to time. She'd been thinking
      about our Camping program for children.
      Her note explained that while driving through the country recently --
      in a rare moment when she didn't have a lot on her mind -- she found
      herself truly aware of her surroundings. Lush, green fields that
      stretched for miles... wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear,
      blue sky... tranquil silence broken only by cheerful bird songs... the
      fresh, sweet scent of morning air. And she felt a sense of peace, for the
      first time in a long time.
      What a contrast from the city she'd left a few miles back. Filthy
      sidewalks where children play. Boarded-up buildings where people live.
      Blaring sirens and horrendous crime. She recalled a report on TV the
      night before about a teenager who shot an even younger boy to death as
      part of a gang initiation.
      She has a hard time understanding why things like this happen -- why
      some children have no respect for life, not even their own.
      She wondered what would happen if she could take one child from the
      city and place that youngster where she was now -- in the midst of this
      beauty and serenity. What would change for that boy or girl?
      That's when she thought about The Salvation Army's camping program.
      She remembered reading how kids from the Indiana cities spend a week
      every summer at Hidden Falls Camp. They spend most of their time
      outdoors, playing games with new friends, discovering flowers they've
      never seen, and creating treasures from sticks, rocks and leaves. Here,
      kids get their fill of good food, love and attention -- things many of
      them get too little of at home.
