
   
   
      
         
            Employers' Bitter Pill

            The Los
 Angeles Times' top national story examines whether economists are able
 to assess accurately the global economy's health. Growing pressure on employers
 to cover the cost of birth control as part of employee benefits is the New York Times'
 off-lead and top national story. The Washington Post early edition's top national article
 details a Clinton administration plan to topple Saddam Hussein.

            The LAT reports that Japanese economic woes and decreased U.S.
 production have economists scratching their heads over the health of the world
 economy. Current methods of economic diagnosis are being questioned, and a
 global recession is seeming ever more possible to skeptical economists. The
 paper notes that with currency traders in London affecting Indonesian farmers,
 local economic events can set off chain reactions felt throughout the entire
 world. One prominent macro-economist calls today's globalized economy "almost
 beyond human comprehension."

            The NYT says that family planning groups are pushing federal and
 state lawmakers to mandate employer coverage of contraception as part of
 employee healthcare plans. Lobbyists, decrying insurers' coverage of Viagra but
 not birth control, have stepped up Congressional lobbying in recent months.
 Most employers and insurers oppose mandated coverage--they claim mandates of
 any sort make healthcare less affordable for all employees. One anti-mandate
 lobbyist states, "It may be good social policy. On the other hand, so is
 affordable healthcare."

            The WP says that a 27-page report has been prepared in response to
 Congress' call for swift action against Saddam Hussein's presidency. The report
 discloses U.S. plans to: 1) teach opposition groups organization and
 recruitment techniques, 2) fund an exile activities center in London, 3) index
 war crimes documents for future trials, and 4) establish an anti-Hussein "Radio
 Free Iraq.
