
   
   
      
         
            Reefer Madness
            

            ELLEN:

            Last day for us on 
                  Slate
               , so let's do some housekeeping. My
 friend Al From Baltimore, who was my partner at Baltimore 
               City
 Paper , and more conservative than me, has enjoyed our exchange. Although he
 thinks I should be more MUGGERish and call you a commie or something.

            I don't think there will be a three-way race in New York. As I've stated
 before, I think Hillary will not run and Rudy will win. The Conservative Party,
 if Rudy doesn't adhere to their pro-life line, will huff and puff, and follow
 the dictates of the National Republican Party. None of these New York GOPers
 wants to incur the wrath of a possible President Bush.

            As for Dole, there's no way she'll be the veep. The choice will be Tom
 Ridge, governor of Pennsylvania, a pro-life conservative with a military record
 who's from a Rustbelt state. That's the candidate Bush needs. Don't get me
 started with that Neanderthal creationism jazz in Kansas. What nonsense.

            As for drugs, Matt Drudge reports today that the Dallas Morning News
 will have a story saying that Bush, coyly, has said he hasn't used drugs in the
 past seven years, the amount of time necessary for an FBI OK at the White
 House. I hope he sticks to his guns on the cocaine question. His "I won't play
 the gotcha game" answers to reporters have shown the most passion in his
 speeches so far, recalling Reagan's spontaneous, and successful, "Mr. Green [or
 whoever that was], I'm paying for this microphone!" blast in New Hampshire back
 in '80. Frankly, I don't give a shit if he did snort coke years ago, although
 my sources in Austin say he didn't. So what? One thing that bugs me the most
 about politicians, who are truly an odious lot, is their namby-pamby position
 on pot. Obviously, this wasn't a problem years ago, but now that Boomers and
 Gen-Xers are running for office, they have to answer and inevitably, like Rick
 Lazio, that little shit, they say something like "Well, as a college student I
 tried marijuana two or three times, but it was foolish.
