
   
   
      
         
            White House Leaks

            The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with important Republican and Democratic lawmakers'
 calls over the weekend for President Clinton to definitively explain his role
 in the Lewinsky matter. USA Today 's lead covers this too, but higher up and in its
 headline, emphasizes the possibility that Lewinsky's just-agreed-to grand jury
 testimony could come this week. The Washington Post lead covers the federal government's
 response to the Y2K problem.

            Now that "White House leak" has taken on a whole new meaning, presidential
 liquid imagery has caught on: the NYT notes in its lead headline that
 Sen. Orrin Hatch said that President Clinton should "pour
 his heart out" to the American people about his relationship with Monica
 Lewinsky. (Then there's the LAT 's economical but imagistically
 unfortunate headline, "Both Sides Urge Clinton to Tell Truth on Lewinsky.") A
 theme of the coverage is that the call for a Clinton mea culpa is becoming
 bipartisan.

            The WP lead states that fixing the feds' part of the millenium bug will cost at least $5
 billion. There are, after all, 7,336 "mission critical" U.S. government
 computer systems, ranging from ones controlling Tomahawk missiles to those
 processing student loans. The WP says 40 percent of these crucial
 systems can now be declared ready to work on Jan. 1, 2000. Clearly there is an
 increasing sense of Y2K gravitas among the big dailies: There was yesterday's
 NYT lead editorial calling for congressional creation of tax incentives
 and subsidies for solutions, and the Post lead is the second in a
 series. And inside, the Post runs four more millenium efforts: one on
 the history of the awareness of the problem, one on the IRS' approach, another
 stating that the FAA is now back on track with its portion, and one pointing
 out an easily overlooked aspect of the Pentagon's Y2K troubles--namely that
 they include planning for the glitches possibly experienced by other
 militaries.
