
   
   
      
         
            Da Bear

            The New York Times , Wall Street Journal , Los Angeles
 Times , and USA
 Today all lead with a 299-point drop in the Dow Jones industrial
 average. The cyclopean Washington Post leads with scandal news again--this time
 continuing battles over attorney-client privilege.

            The Dow's plunge was its third-largest one-day point loss ever, according to
 USAT . The 3.4 percent drop means the Dow stands 9.1 percent below its
 July 17 peak. (A 10 percent drop is termed a "correction," while a 20 percent
 drop means a bear market.) Factors in the nosedive: Asia's financial crisis, a
 too-strong American dollar, and President Clinton's political worries. (Now
 that Monica has destroyed the White House and the economy, isn't there
 something she could do about Hollywood?) The papers all note that a sluggish
 market is nothing new for small stocks, which are down 8 percent for the
 year--it's the high-profile blue chips that are only now feeling the pain.
 Hardest hit: the tech-focused Nasdaq market, down more than 36 percent from its
 52-week high. Influential (and widely quoted) analyst and former bull Ralph
 Acampora now predicts we are headed for a bear market. The WSJ says the
 economy remains strong, with inflation, interest rates, and unemployment still
 low.

            The WP lead says White House lawyer Lanny Breuer refused to answer
 several questions before the Lewinsky grand jury yesterday, citing
 attorney-client privilege. It's not clear if this refusal will lead to another
 round of legal battles, as the White House's attempts to block Breuer's
 testimony were previously denied. Breuer did answer some questions yesterday
 and will give more testimony today. The NYT 's article adds a new
 wrinkle: Lewinsky will hand over, in addition to phone messages and the sex
 dress, a "photograph of Clinton that he had inscribed to her."

            The Post runs a Michael Kelly editorial claiming that Clinton can't
 possibly confess to a lie now.
