
   
   
      
         
            Dress Rehearsal

            The expected grand jury testimony today of Monica Lewinsky leads at USA Today and
 gets subhead billing in the Washington Post 's lead, which is about the Clinton
 administration's revival of the claim of executive privilege in the Lewinsky
 matter. The New York Times
 plays Monica's imminent testimony below the fold (as does the Los Angeles
 Times ), leading instead with the Iraqis' umpteenth snit over U.N.
 weapons inspections, which is the LAT 's top national story, and which
 also gets top front placement at USAT . (But doesn't make the Post
 front.)

            The USAT lead states that Lewinsky is prepared to testify that she
 and President Clinton had a sexual relationship and that although she was never
 directly told to lie under oath about it, she was given suggestions it should
 be kept secret. And "prepared" here, the paper specifies, means that Lewinsky
 spent Wednesday going through a "final rehearsal" of her testimony with Ken
 Starr's people. USAT somehow refrains from calling it a "dress"
 rehearsal. Spending the day this way raises a question not addressed in any of
 the coverage to date: How come it's ok for lawyers to do all these dry runs?
 Isn't this just coaching the witness? The Nation's Newspaper makes the nifty
 observation that yesterday marked the beginning of Starr's fifth year of
 investigating Clinton.

            The NYT oversells its Iraq lead in saying that the latest developments mark "the first
 time" Saddam Hussein said he was ending all cooperation with U.N. inspectors.
 Especially since just a few paragraphs in, the story quotes chief inspector
 Richard Butler as saying "...there is a syndrome here--going around the same
 track again and again." And a little further below that, it quotes a National
 Security Council spokesman saying, "We've heard this bluster before."

            Now that Clinton staff attorney Lanny Breuer is invoking executive privilege
 to keep from having a Starr grand jury sit-down, the WP usefully
 documents the White House's legal tacking by quoting White House counsel
 Charles Ruff's comments from two months ago: "We have no intention of asserting
 the privilege, executive privilege, in any situation that I'm aware of.
