
   
   
      
         
            Bombs Are Hell

            The New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times all go with across-the-top leads
 and gruesome photos of wreckage from massive Friday bombings at two U.S.
 Embassies in Africa. The attacks in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam,
 Tanzania, occurred less than five minutes apart, though the worst damage was in
 Kenya. At least 80 people died (including 8 Americans) and over 1700 were
 injured. Even as the papers went to press, screams were still heard from people
 trapped under the wreckage.

            Who is responsible? This is a front-page question for all papers. African
 groups are largely discounted; initially at least, experienced terrorists from
 the Middle East seem more likely candidates. Though the State Department
 refuses to speculate on the attackers' identities, the NYT cites a
 senior U.S. intelligence official as saying that "based on early circumstantial
 evidence, the investigators were focusing on followers of Osama bin Laden." Bin
 Laden is a Saudi multimillionaire who has pledged a holy war against the United
 States, and who is widely considered responsible for the 1996 attack in Saudi
 Arabia which killed 19 U.S. airmen. Another possibility is the Egyptian group
 Islamic Jihad, which earlier this week issued anti-American warnings in the
 Egyptian newspaper Al-Hayat . Washington has dispatched top-notch
 investigative teams to the scene, and President Clinton stated, "We will use
 all the means at our disposal to bring those responsible to justice, no matter
 what or how long it takes."

            All papers use separate stories to spotlight the security weaknesses at U.S.
 embassies (only the WP 's story runs inside). The NYT 's accusatory
 headline says, "Neither Embassy Met Current Security Guidelines." The WP
 headline, however, is more realistic-- "Embassies Can Never Be Fully
 Protected." The LAT writes that since the Beirut and Kuwait bombings,
 more than $1 billion has been spent to upgrade certain embassies to become
 "state-of-the-art anti-terrorist fortresses.
