
   
   
      
         
            Reign of Terror

            The front-page spotlight remains on Kenya and Tanzania in the aftermath of
 Friday bombings at two U.S. embassies. Even as the search through the rubble
 continues, the still-rising death toll is at 149 (including 12 Americans),
 according to the Washington Post , which gives the highest figure.

            The lead at the New York Times details the launching of an organized
 international rescue operation, replacing the heroic but chaotic efforts to
 date. A contingent of 170 Israeli troops--whom the NYT peculiarly characterizes
 as "specialists in rescuing people from destroyed buildings"--arrived in
 Nairobi and quickly took charge. Among their first moves: pulling a Kenyan
 businessman out alive from the rubble. The Los Angeles Times and the WP also cover the
 Israeli rescue effort, but further down.

            All papers report that the Nairobi hospitals have been overwhelmed by
 treating the 4000-plus wounded; the NYT devotes a separate inside
 article to the story. The biggest problems are blood shortages and dwindling
 equipment and supplies. There was little reported progress in the search for
 the bombers, though a Kenyan daily newspaper quoted witnesses who recalled
 seeing a man waiting in a pickup truck Friday morning in the alley behind the
 embassy, where the bomb exploded.

            The front-page LAT "Sunday Report" looks into a prophetic 1993
 Pentagon study dubbed "Terror 2000," which outlined potential terrorist
 scenarios--including the targeting of a major U.S. financial center, which
 happened months later when the World Trade Center was bombed. Dubbed too
 alarmist for their time, the papers were "quietly buried," says the
 LAT .

            In other front-page news--rather, news of the front page--the Monica story
 retreated inside for the first time in weeks. Savor it: she won't stay there
 long.

            A mammoth article inside the WP "Outlook" offers cautionary words for
 America's Social Security reformers: Britain's model of partial privatization
 ain't as great as it sounds.
