
   
   
      
         
            Blast Rites

            The African embassy bombings lead all papers and dominate all fronts. (For
 the second day in a row, Monica goes down in the papers--completely off
 everybody's fronts.) The respective lead headlines focus on various strands of
 the story ( USA Today : "U.S. Vows Bombers Will Pay," Los Angeles
 Times : "U.S. Teams Arrive in Nairobi: Blast Victims Mourned," New York Times :
 "Experts Starting Search for Clues in Kenya Bombing") but for the most part
 everybody gets around to everything. One exception is the Washington Post lead, which exclusively brings these
 details: the likely Nairobi bomb vehicle was turned away from the front gate of
 the embassy and sent around to the rear, where a grenade attack killed some
 guards before the bomb went off. The WP and NYT both report that
 the Tanzania bomb appears to have been on an embassy-owned water truck.

            The papers mention that a security camera at the Tanzania embassy might have
 been pointing right at the bomb site by the building's front gate, but all but
 USAT also mention that it is not known if the camera was recording to
 video or just monitoring.

            
               USAT runs an excellent news section "cover story" on the beginnings of the
 bombing investigation. Many papers have been reporting that one focus so
 far is Afghan-based Saudi Arabian financier Osama bin Laden, but this
 USAT story adds that a team of FBI and CIA officials went to Pakistan
 earlier this year to investigate arresting him.

            Everybody notes that the twelfth American victim identified was the consul
 general at the Nairobi Embassy, Julian Bartley, whose 20-year-old son also
 perished. Three of the four papers that run photos feature the same top-front
 shot of thousands of Kenyans mourning and praying. The fourth, the NYT ,
 stacks a photo of a woman and her young son next to the Israeli soldier who
 rescued them over a shot of a woman's body being loaded into a vehicle, a
 lifeless arm hanging out from under her shroud.
