
   
   
      
         
            Kenya Catch Them?

            The Washington Post , USA Today ,
 and the New York Times
 lead with the investigation into the African bombings. The Los Angeles
 Times comes behind its lead about the passage of the California state
 budget with the report that some suspects have been arrested in the Tanzania
 attack, a story included in the other bombing leads. The NYT and
 LAT quote a U.S. official lowering expectations about the arrests, as
 does the WP , which goes on to identify the arrested men as Iraqis of
 Sudanese extraction.

            
               USAT says a Kenyan guard confirmed to a local paper--what was first
 reported in yesterday's WP --that there was a brief battle at the
 embassy's back gate that killed several guards before the bomb went off.
 Apparently, the guards' resistance kept the bomb vehicle--now described by the
 papers as a small pickup truck--from gaining access to the embassy's
 underground garage, where it probably would have caused even more death. The
 LAT interviews another witness to the attack who says the man who jumped
 from the bomb truck was dressed in the uniform of an embassy security guard.
 This observation that a man jumped indicates a point not made expressly in any
 of the coverage, namely that this was not a suicide bomber.

            The LAT also describes international tension at the Kenyan bomb site:
 the Kenyans are angered by the slow pace of the body recoveries and the Israeli
 rescuers are miffed at being watched closely by U.S. officials, who, the paper
 says, are seemingly worried that their allies might use the occasion to sift
 through classified materials.

            The papers say that rescuers continue on the trail of faint noises in the
 hopes of finding survivors-- USAT dedicates its news section cover story
 to the ongoing hunt for "Rosie," the last unaccounted-for person contacted
 alive inside the rubble. And the Post notes a special problem in
 identifying the forty-some unknowns still in Nairobi morgues--few Kenyans have
 dental records because few can afford to go to the dentist.
