
   
   
      
         
            Shuttered to Think

            
               USA
 Today and the New York
 Times lead with the U.S. decision, in the wake of the African embassy
 bombings, to shut some embassies in order to update their security. The
 Washington Post goes with word that Kenneth Starr's
 upcoming report to Congress will focus on evidence of possible impeachable acts
 relating to President Clinton's relationship with Monica Lewinsky and will not
 even include the Arkansas financial dealings that Starr has been investigating
 for four years. The WP front ignores embassy security, and the
 USAT and Times fronts ignore Starr.

            
               USAT and the NYT report that the State Dept. says it has received more than a dozen threats to
 embassies since the African bombings, but that State is emphasizing
 embassies are not being closed permanently. Indeed, the NYT suggests the
 downtime might be just a matter of days. USAT quotes the AP's
 identification of three of the affected sites: the embassies in Uganda,
 Malaysia and Swaziland. The Times also names Uganda and Malaysia, but
 refers only to a several-hours evacuation at the Swaziland embassy in response
 to a bomb threat. The paper adds that the embassy in the Ivory Coast is cutting
 back its business hours while security is improved, and that the Cairo offices
 of the U.S. Agency for International Development were closed and its employees
 moved into the city's U.S. embassy.

            This space often notes how USAT headlines cut to the chase, but its
 headline over this story--"U.S. To Shut Embassies To Fix Security"--cuts too
 much, with its suggestion that all embassies are being affected. Better is the
 NYT header: "U.S. Closes Down Some Operations in Foreign Posts."

            The WP 's account of the Starr report to Congress notes that he will eventually
 produce a separate and more inclusive document for the judicial panel that
 appointed him. In the meantime though, the paper explains, the pared-down
 Lewinsky report will get to Congress quickly (probably shortly after President
 Clinton testifies to the Starr grand jury)--in plenty of time to leak out and
 produce much partisan acrimony during the fall elections.
