
   
   
      
         
            The Reed-Hendrix Syndrome, and Other Rock Maladies
            

            Dear Chris,

            You're right. Surely I'm in the advanced stages of Reed-Hendrix Syndrome--if
 I liked something, it must have been the most esoteric thing on the album.

            Your sharp demolition of Miller's Velvet Underground chapter--and
 man-oh-man, I would not like to be on the wrong end of your critical
 contempt--convinces me that he suffers from a parallel syndrome. Call it John
 Cale-Brian Jones-Glenn Matlock Disorder. Except in the case of the Beatles,
 where he's a convinced Lennonolater, Miller seems compelled to place at center
 stage the lesser-known members of any band. He grants Mick Jagger only a
 marginal role in the early Stones. Same with Johnny Rotten and the Sex Pistols.
 (Here Miller seems to be leaning too heavily on Jon Savage's Sex Pistols book
 of seven or eight years ago, another rock history overstuffed with intellectual
 genealogy. Savage attributes such Svengalian omnipotence to Malcolm McLaren,
 and focuses so heavily on McLaren's intellectual antecedents, from
 structuralism to the Situationist International, that you could easily forget
 there was any band there at all.)

            Trying to deny Lou Reed any meaningful role in the Velvets, as Miller does,
 is a little tortured. I'm grateful to Miller for sticking up for Nico, whom a
 lot of people dismiss as a rock stunt, a kind of Eddie Gaedel-but-sexier of the
 downtown art world. "All Tomorrow's Parties" haunts me as much as it did when I
 first heard it sometime during the Carter administration, and "I'll Be Your
 Mirror" has some claim to be the Great Rock Love Song. But if there's a lyrical
 voice to the Velvets it's Reed's, particularly when he's in good humor:

            

               
                  Yes, there are problems in these times,
 But--wooooo!--none of them are mine!
               

            

            Miller is to be admired, too, for pointing out the role of "texture" in the
 Velvets' best music.
