
   
   
      
         
            Geffen Till It Hurts

            
               USA
 Today , the New York Times ,
 and the Washington Post lead with the revelation that the
 ambassador to Kenya, Prudence Bushnell, had been so concerned about her
 embassy's vulnerability that months before the Nairobi bombings, she had asked
 the State Dept. to build a new one--a request that State denied, citing lack of
 funds. The Los Angeles Times , which includes the Bushnell story in its
 front-page bombing aftermath story, but puts it deep in the story after the
 jump, goes instead with the decision by two Swiss banks to pay $1.25 billion to
 Holocaust survivors and relatives to compensate for the Nazi victims' deposits
 they held onto after World War II, a story that also gets front space at
 USAT and the NYT . The move came just weeks after the Swiss
 government had declared it would pay no more than half that sum, but also, the
 LAT points out, after several state and local governments, in defiance
 of the Clinton administration position, said they would begin leveling
 sanctions against the banks.

            According to the papers, Ambassador Bushnell's main concern was that her
 post was located on a crowded downtown street. USAT and the WP
 report that Bushnell even wrote directly to Secretary of State Madeleine
 Albright about the problem, going so far, says USAT , as inviting her to
 come see for herself, something Albright never did. The NYT adds that
 the U.S. military command covering the region also expressed concern about the
 embassy's security. The NYT and WP quote State sources claiming
 that even if Bushnell's request had been honored, the completion of a new
 embassy would have taken years, and hence the U.S. would have still occupied
 the old one at the time of the bombing. None of the reporting mentions it, but
 this sort of development is sadly familiar--it was reported after the fact that
 the Marines' commanding officer in Beirut in 1983 had expressed grave concern
 to his superiors about the vulnerability of his troops to hostile forces
 operating in the area.
