
   
   
      
         
            Tobacco's Lucky Strike

            The New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times all lead with tobacco's latest
 triumph: A federal appeals court in Richmond, VA, ruled Friday that the Food
 and Drug Administration cannot regulate nicotine as a drug without explicit
 Congressional authorization. Nor, by extension, can the FDA regulate
 cigarettes. The judges' 2-1 decision deals a crippling blow to the FDA's
 efforts to curb the targeting of underage smokers. It effectively overturns an
 FDA plan that required anyone under 26 to show identification before buying
 cigarettes, banned cigarette vending machines from most public places, and kept
 tobacco billboards away from schools. The Clinton Administration has vowed to
 appeal the decision, and the current FDA regulations will remain in effect
 until the appeal is resolved. The WP notes that "very little" of the FDA
 plan had been put into effect anyhow.

            The Lewinsky scandal is relegated to A14 in the LAT , but nabs the
 WP off-lead and side-by-side NYT front-pagers. There's no new
 news today, only endless speculation. The LAT and the WP are busy
 catching up to yesterday's big NYT story about Clinton's contemplated
 fudge-the-definition-of-sex defense strategy. The WP assesses Clinton's
 options in addressing the nation. While calling a nationally televised address
 "the most likely choice," the WP says that some Clinton's lawyers
 advocate a written statement instead. A NYT piece paints Clinton as
 bleakly alone: With Washington evacuated as usual in August (except for the
 press jackals), only Hillary and Chelsea are around to keep his spirits up. The
 other NYT front-page Lewinsky story trots out the Ordinary People
 refrain--end this scandal soon, please.

            A NYT front page story recounts in depth the extraordinary tale of a
 top Iraqi scientist who defected to the U.S. in 1994, after working for decades
 on Iraq's efforts to build a nuclear bomb.
