
   
   
      
         
            Stephanopoulos Analyzes His Own Crime

            There was former Clinton aide George Stephanopoulos on ABC's This
 Week this morning, furrow-browed and "heartbroken with all the evidence
 coming out" against the president. Last week, when the Lewinsky story was only
 a few hours old, Stephanopoulos popped up on Good Morning America to
 demonstrate his concern. "These are probably the most serious allegations yet
 leveled against the president. There's no question that, if they're true, they
 ... could lead to impeachment proceedings."

            Is Chatterbox alone in thinking there is something strange and even
 disgusting about Stephanopoulos' eager show of independence from the president?
 The problem isn't so much his disloyalty. Political figures turn on each other
 from time to time, for good and bad reasons; we're used to it. Stephanopoulos
 wants to run for the Senate and doesn't want to seem a Clinton stooge. By
 lending credence to the Lewinsky charges, and treating Clinton's familiar
 defenses as the lies and half-lies they seem to be, Stephanopoulos shows he's
 not a fool.

            The trouble is that Stephanopoulos himself helped propagate those lies in
 the first place. During the 1992 campaign, when Gennifer Flowers first brought
 Clinton's philandering to public attention, Stephanopoulos--as Clinton's chief
 spinner, distracter, and all-around bullshit artist--played a crucial role in
 discrediting Flowers and anyone else who tried to point out the truth, namely
 that Clinton had a disturbing zipper problem. (Don't say Stephanopoulos didn't
 know. Again, he's not a fool.) Simply put, Stephanopoulos did as much as any
 man to get the country into the mess he now so telegenically laments.

            The 1993 documentary The War Room captures some of his efforts on
 tape. Early in the film, with the Flowers crisis in full bloom, Sam Donaldson
 interviews Stephanopoulos, who blames it all on the "Republican attack
 machine.
