
   
   
      
         
            Bloody Saturday

            The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with new terror in Northern
 Ireland: a car bomb exploded Saturday in a crowded shopping area in Omagh, a
 town west of Belfast, killing at least 28 people and injuring hundreds more.
 The Washington Post , which runs the story at the fold,
 calls it "the single worst terrorist incident in the 30-year history of
 sectarian warfare" in the province. For its lead the Post turns to a
 three-story spread on President Clinton's upcoming grand jury testimony. The
 banner lead reports that Clinton's lawyers think he will revise his story for
 Monday's testimony--i.e. he will admit to sexual relations with Monica
 Lewinsky, but will not admit to perjury.

            The terrible toll in the Northern Ireland bombing was partly due to a
 misleading warning about the bomb's location. A caller warned of a bomb near
 the Omagh courthouse, but the bomb actually exploded in an area where the
 crowds had retreated to get away from the courthouse. Prominent among the early
 suspects is a radical Irish Republican Army "splinter group" which opposes the
 peace agreement between Catholics and Protestants that was ratified last May.
 The LAT and the NYT state early on that the explosion may
 jeopardize the peace agreement, but the WP notes in its second paragraph
 that "local Protestant and Catholic leaders insisted that the tragedy . . .
 would not block implementation" of the agreement.

            Back in Scandalworld: The WP lead, while suggesting that Clinton may
 testify to a sexual relationship, also notes that he is prone to last-minute
 changes of mind and could go against his advisors' recommendations. Another
 piece in the WP front-page package describes the intense legal
 preparation on both sides. Strategizing aside, though, Clinton's testimony
 hinges on his "own lonely struggle over whether to admit a relationship with
 Lewinsky despite his past denials." The third WP piece chronicles
 Clinton's ability to cope with adversity.
