
   
   
      
         
            Ain't It Grand?

            
               USA
 Today , the New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times lead with President Clinton's unprecedented grand jury
 appearance today. The Washington Post shows it knows its way beyond the Beltway,
 putting Clinton/grand jury as the off-lead and going instead with the news that
 a suspect has been detained in the Kenya embassy bombing, a story that makes
 everybody's front page. (Although, in its version of the story, USAT
 curiously leaves the arrest out of the headline, which instead trumpets the
 State Dept.'s warning against travel to Pakistan.)

            The big concern of the Clinton leads is, of course, What will he say? All
 the papers cite widespread indications that he is ready to acknowledge that he
 engaged in some sort of sexual activity with Monica Lewinsky. The LAT
 quotes presidential private lawyer David Kendall as saying that the widely
 reported prediction that Clinton will cop to an "inappropriate relationship"
 with Lewinsky--is "groundless speculation." But the LAT quotes one
 "lawyer familiar with the matter" as saying that this is indeed the phrase he's
 heard mentioned by "folks at the White House." The WP quotes sources who
 have spoken to Clinton and his lawyers as saying he plans to admit to "sex play," but (taking the line first adumbrated by last
 Friday's NYT ) not to a "sexual relationship." The Post compares
 this tack to such previous Clinton hair-splits as his various explanations of
 his marijuana use, his draft situation, and those White House coffees for
 political donors.

            The papers say that Clinton is expected to deny that he asked Lewinsky or
 anyone else to cover up the relationship. The LAT quotes that
 well-connected lawyer as saying that Starr may come armed with a subpoena in
 his pocket for Clinton--who technically is appearing today voluntarily--in case
 Clinton tries to duck any of the prosecutors' questions. The NYT gives
 an excellent feel for the difficulties such questions might pose, ticking off
 details challenging various previous Clinton statements, garnered from the
 grand jury appearances of Betty Currie, Vernon Jordan and Secret Service
 personnel.
