
   
   
      
         
            Dissing and Dissonance

            The Los
 Angeles Times and New York Times
 lead with public and political reaction to The Speech, which is also the
 subject of the Wall Street Journal 's main "Politics and Policy" piece. The
 Washington Post goes with Kenneth Starr's
 re-summoning tomorrow of Monica L. to his grand jury, a story that USA Today
 puts together with Hillary's post-speech support of her husband for its lead.
 Three of the fronts feature pix of the First Family walking across the White
 House lawn to start what would have to count as the worst family vacation in
 history. Buddy is there too, on a longer leash than his master will be on for
 some time.

            The LAT draws the blinds the morning after and sees some members of
 Congress--including Democrats normally Clinton allies--so "infuriated" that "it
 was clear the sordid spectacle would not be put to rest quickly." Looming large
 in the paper's survey are the reactions of California's senators, both
 Democrats. Dianne Feinstein said Clinton's remarks left her trust in his
 credibility "deeply shattered." And Barbara Boxer is quoted saying that "he
 should have told us the truth seven months ago" and that the Lewinsky
 relationship was "wrong--clear, black-and-white, no-room-for-ambiguity wrong."
 The paper points out that Boxer's comments were surprisingly negative given
 that she is related to Clinton by marriage.

            The Journal and NYT also note the Feinstein reaction, and go
 on to note that the ranks of distancing Democrats include such party bigfeet as
 Dick Gephardt, Thomas Daschle and Lee Hamilton. The unwavering support
 expressed by Al Gore is widely noted. USAT quotes Republican Sen. John
 Ashcroft calling for Clinton's resignation. Although the NYT reports
 that Tom Delay urged Clinton to resign, the paper describes the general
 reaction among Republicans as "unusually tame." The LAT says instant
 polls show that the majority of Americans were satisfied with the president's
 statement and wanted the matter dropped.
