
   
   
      
         
            Poll to Poll

            For the third straight day the papers lead with stories about the
 revitalized U.S. war on terrorism. The New York Times
 says that U.S. banks must freeze all of bin Laden's and his associates' assets;
 the Washington Post says that all their U.S. assets are
 already frozen, but fails to make it clear if any such assets exist. Everyone
 reports that President Clinton, in his weekly radio address, warned of a "long
 battle" against bin Laden's terrorist network.

            The NYT runs a two-column off-lead on Nigeria's "self-imposed
 poverty." Africa's most populous nation has everything it needs: arable land,
 quality universities, and oil. Corrupt leadership, however, has left the nation
 racked with poverty and unable to correct itself--a predicament blamed largely
 on the prevalence of graft among Nigerian politicians. In the words of one
 would-be reformer, "They have no love of their country. Only love of their
 pockets."

            A WP /ABC News survey agrees with yesterday's NYT /CBS News
 poll: folks think Clinton is doing a good job as President, but they don't
 trust him. And they don't like Monica Lewinsky. The WP article's
 headline reads "American Voters See 2 Distinct Bill Clintons," but the article
 reveals that polling was done among two groups of "randomly selected
 adults"-selected, that is, from a population in which only 49% of those eligible voted in the 1996 election.

            Crime has dropped but fear hasn't, according to an Los Angeles
 Times Sunday Report. The piece says that manipulation of public fear by
 politicians, the media, and the crime-prevention industry has created something
 akin to Eisenhower's "military-industrial complex." The article particularly
 criticizes police departments that take credit for falling crime rates while
 padding their budgets by fueling unwarranted paranoia.

            The NYT reports that about 40,000 people, 2% of Utah's total
 population, live in polygamous families.
