
   
   
      
         
            Yeltsin and Out

            
               USA
 Today leads with chat-show declarations by Madeleine Albright and
 William Cohen that the administration has opened a new war against terrorism.
 The New York Times
 and Los
 Angeles Times go with President Boris Yeltsin's dismissal of his main
 government officers, including his prime minister, Sergei Kiriyenko, which is
 also the off-lead at the Washington Post and USAT . The WP leads with
 Newt Gingrich's first extensive comments about Kenneth Starr's investigation
 since The Speech, which include his declaration that impeachment would require
 not "a single human mistake" but "a pattern of felonies." Gingrich also tells
 the Post that he thinks Starr's report to Congress will probably be made
 available to the public, but that the supporting evidence will be kept
 secret.

            
               USAT accompanies its lead with a front-section "cover story" about
 the newly announced U.S. war, which states that Osama bin Laden has already
 trained "tens of thousands of terrorists operating in more than a dozen
 countries." Question: if this is so, then how is it that there was virtually no
 press mention of bin Laden until the African embassy bombings? The piece
 reports that last week's strikes against targets in Sudan and Afghanistan were
 code-named Operation Infinite Reach (which could have also been the code-name
 for Clinton's Monica speech). The LAT front runs a story filed from
 Pakistan that includes an interview with a man who claims to have lived through
 the Tomahawk attacks on Afghanistan. "All of us were innocent," the man tells
 the paper, explaining that what the U.S. says is a terrorist training complex
 is in fact merely a religious education center.

            The papers report that in the midst of his country's economic crisis,
 Yeltsin replaced the reform-minded Kiriyenko with Viktor Chernomyrdin. The
 NYT says that it appears Yeltsin's thinking is that Chernomyrdin's good
 relations with financiers and with the Communists in Parliament may help
 deflate the widespread calls for his own departure.
