
   
   
      
         
            Taking Leave of Their Census

            The Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times and New York Times
 lead with a federal court's ruling that the Census Bureau cannot use
 statistical sampling in the year 2000 census. USA Today
 puts that story on its front, but leads with an unnamed U.S. intelligence
 official's claim that soil from around that Sudanese plant hit last week by
 U.S. cruise missiles contained traces of a chemical used in the making of VX
 nerve gas. The Sudan plant story is the off-lead at the WP and
 NYT . The USAT lead also covers the latest development in the 1988
 Pan Am bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland--discussed earlier in the summer as in
 the works by the NYT and nailed down in yesterday's LAT --that the
 U.S. and Britain have just decided to accept an offer once made by Moammar
 Gadhafi to have the two Libyan suspects in the case tried in the Netherlands
 under Scottish law. No word yet on Gadhafi's reaction. The Lockerbie gambit is
 reported on the inside by the NYT and as part of the LAT 's
 front-pager on the arrest in Egypt of Abu Nidal, the 1980s terrorist mastermind
 believed to have killed more than 500 people.

            The Post lead says the court's rejection of census sampling is a
 serious setback for the Clinton administration, which had championed it, and a
 powerful victory for House Republicans, who favor attempting an actual head
 count instead. The NYT 's sampling editorial says the decision is "a
 setback for the democratic process." The NYT says the Census Bureau had
 sought sampling to avoid the inaccuracies of the head-counting 1990 census,
 which missed 8.4 million people. The reason sampling has become controversial,
 all the papers explain, is that it would probably add categories of people who
 don't show up so readily in actual head counts. The Post says the
 categories are minorities and poor people. The LAT mentions children,
 minorities, renters, and poor people, especially these categories in rural
 areas.
