
   
   
      
         
            Creatine Trouble

            The crisis in Russia leads at all papers--the New York
 Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times --though the WP tucks the
 story under a banner headline on market dives and global turmoil. Each
 front-page features a photo of Boris Yeltsin, his hands raised, defiantly
 refuting rumors of his resignation. In Yeltsin's words: "I'm not going to
 resign . . . In 2000, there will be an election for president, and I will not
 run." But Yeltsin's determined words belie his weak physical appearance and
 waning power. The papers note that an agreement reached Friday to shift
 substantial power away from the presidency and over to the parliament (the
 State Duma) constitutes a likely setback for reform. The LAT is the only
 paper with high-up mention of Yeltsin's latest sackings: Anatoly Chubias
 (Russia's envoy to international financial institutions) and deputy prime
 minister Boris Nemtsov.

            All papers run above-the-fold stories recapping Wall Street's worst week
 this year (and the worst week since October '89). The Dow dropped 114 points
 Friday, extending Thursday's 357-point dive. Asia's markets also dropped
 sharply on Friday, with Tokyo dipping to a 12-year low. In Russia the economy
 remained virtually frozen--stocks were traded at very low volume Friday, and
 Moscow's main currency exchange stayed shut.

            Next week's Yeltsin-Clinton summit in Moscow gets front-page play at the
 LAT and gets inside features elsewhere. The WP predicts the
 summit will yield "psychic solace but little tangible assistance." Newt
 Gingrich for one foresees no psychic solace: he tells the NYT that
 Clinton's trip is "imprudent" considering Russia's current state. The chaos
 certainly makes trip logistics a nightmare, as all papers note. Interesting
 angle not mentioned in the papers: What is the status of security
 preparations?

            All papers report (the NYT inside) that a second suspect in the
 African bombings, arraigned in a court in New York, has admitted ties to
 terrorist financier Osama bin Laden.
