
   
   
      
         
            Airstrike Hits Northwest

            Local stories lead at the Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times , but the papers' top international
 stories are about Russia. The New York
 Times also leads with Russia--more analysis of President Clinton's
 upcoming trip to Moscow. Expectations for the Clinton-Yeltsin summit are not
 high, given the weakened status of both presidents. In paragraph two, the
 NYT draws a portentous parallel between the teetering Clinton and
 Richard Nixon, who met with Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev in 1974 in Moscow.
 Five weeks after returning to Washington, Nixon resigned.

            The LAT top international story reports that Russian acting prime
 minister Viktor Chernomyrdin's voiced assurances on Saturday that Russia will
 pursue market reforms and democracy. The NYT and WP cover
 Chernomyrdin's remarks inside; the WP adds that his statement, "there
 will be no return to the past," may have been intended to mollify the
 International Monetary Fund, which is scheduled to give Russia a $4.3 billion
 loan installment in September. However, a WP front-page article
 headlined "Russia in Reverse" effectively belies Chernomyrdin's assertions,
 saying, "Perhaps more than at any time [since] the Soviet collapse, the
 concepts of liberal market reform and democracy are in retreat."

            Also in the front-page Russia roundup: a LAT article profiles a
 decidedly "undemocratic" figure in Russian politics, billionaire Boris
 Berezovsky, who is believed to have been instrumental in Chernomyrdin's
 reappointment. The NYT runs a colorful piece on Russians' survival
 strategies during the currency crisis.

            The papers continue coverage of the pilots' strike at Northwest Airlines,
 which began at midnight Friday night. All Northwest flights are grounded at
 least until midweek. President Clinton has decided not to intervene for the
 moment.

            A WP front-page article says that criticism of Secretary of State
 Madeleine Albright is mounting.
