
   
   
      
         
            Sinister Prime Minister

            The New York Times , Washington Post , Los Angeles
 Times , and USA
 Today all lead with the Russian parliament's refusal to confirm
 President Yeltsin's nominee for prime minister. The Wall Street Journal leads with a warning that individual
 investors may soon abandon the American stock market.

            Russia's Communist Party said it would not confirm acting Prime Minister
 Viktor Chernomyrdin, Yeltsin's choice for the job. Yeltsin earlier appeared to
 have secured a deal to grant the parliament greater powers in exchange for
 Chernomyrdin's confirmation. This deal was soon called off by the Communists,
 the most powerful party in parliament, who 1) feared that Yeltsin would not
 uphold his side of the bargain, and 2) called Chernomyrdin "an accomplice with
 Yeltsin in the destruction of the past years." The raucous parliamentary debate
 was carried on live Russian television but was knocked off the air, the
 NYT alone notes, by the broadcast of a Sylvester Stallone film. A second
 front-page NYT piece adds that about 25 percent of Russians "would still
 support a Communist system of government." A front-page WP article
 argues that the upcoming American-Russian summit will feature two leaders with
 little power and little to offer each other. For each, just being seen with the
 other could be a political liability.

            The WSJ lead claims that individual investors, the driving force of
 the stock market, are starting to pull out. But the WSJ 's evidence seems
 largely anecdotal, and the paper refers to "an important minority of
 individuals" who are jumping ship. Unlike last October's 554-point drop, the
 piece argues, investors do not view the recent decline as a "buying
 opportunity." A front-page NYT piece says the current market woes could
 "forecast" a recession: If Americans begin to doubt the worth of their
 investments, consumer spending might fall, hurting the economy. Possible
 remedy: lower interest rates.
