
   
   
      
         
            No Apocalypse Dow

            Yesterday, the collapse of the stock market led all the papers--today it's
 the market's recovery. All the papers report that yesterday's 288 point Dow
 upswing erased more than half of Monday's loss, on record volume. And the
 papers continue to be scrupulous about raw numbers versus percentages--noting
 that in point terms, yesterday was the second biggest up move ever, but far
 down the list as a percentage gain.

            The Washington Post says the market's turnaround yesterday
 could be attributed in part to the suggestion by Abby Joseph Cohen and several
 other "notable strategists" (the Post 's phrase) that investors should
 increase their stock holdings. The New York Times
 takes note of Cohen's advisory too, but doesn't attribute any market action to
 it. On the other hand, the paper dedicates most of a paragraph to passing along
 Cohen's recommendations of an optimal portfolio mix. The Post emphasizes
 the human side, with a tale of a broker abruptly coming back in to work from a
 family vacation, and two stories about brokers making reassuring calls to their
 moms. And the WP even throws in the information that stock market
 professionals were dressing differently at the office yesterday, to allow for
 more running around. Gratifyingly, the Los Angeles
 Times includes a paragraph in its coverage (albeit after the jump)
 about how "specialists" were functioning as the buyers of last resort during
 Monday's drop when no buyers could otherwise be found. Unlike the others, the
 Wall Street Journal highlights the economy's
 fundamentals, running a piece noting that the three economic reports released
 yesterday--the index of leading economic indicators, one on construction
 spending, and a purchasing index--show a slow-down, but "nowhere near a
 recession." A second Journal story reports that U.S. new car sales
 remained robust in August. "Overall it's hard to see global economic collapse
 in these numbers," one auto analyst is quoted as saying.
