
   
   
      
         
            Words of Little Interest

            The Los
 Angeles Times and New York Times
 lead with news that Alan Greenspan may lower interest rates. The Washington Post ignores Greenspan, but leads with a story
 no other paper runs on its front: Iran's likely military action against
 Afghanistan.

            The NYT and LAT lead with Greenspan's announcement that he may
 eventually lower interest rates--an action that would cut the cost of borrowing
 and encourage investors world-wide. Inflation looms as the negative result of
 such a move. Both leads note that although a rate cut is a mere possibility,
 its consideration marks a change in Greenspan's policy: he no longer sees
 inflation as a far greater threat to the U.S. economy than the global financial
 crisis. The LAT says that the Fed chairman's remarks are the first
 attempt U.S. officials have made to restore confidence in foreign markets by
 addressing the possibility of lower interest rates.

            The WP reports that Iran has positioned about 35,000 troops along its
 Afghani border in response to reports that the Sunni-dominated Taliban regime
 has murdered 10 Iranian diplomats and thousands of Shiite civilians in northern
 Afghanistan. Although U.S. defense officials "don't have a favorite horse in
 this fight," they do criticize the two nations for their hostility towards each
 other. One U.S. official notes that while war might divert the countries'
 resources away from funding international terrorism, it would also hamper their
 monitoring of domestic terrorist groups.

            All three weekend papers run front page stories on President Clinton who,
 from Ireland, said he is "very sorry about" his relationship with Ms. Lewinsky
 and called his actions "indefensible." The NYT 's headline links
 Clinton's latest apology to Senator Joseph Lieberman's recent criticism. The
 LAT and WP use the word "affair" in their headlines; the
 NYT opts for the less scandalous "relationship."

            The WP continues its coverage of Natalie Liu, the Beijing-based CBS
 television producer, who was arrested, locked in a windowless cell for three
 days, and interrogated for 16 hours by Chinese authorities.
