
   
   
      
         
            Nifty Sixty

            The New York Times
 lead reveals that last spring the U.S. planned to capture terrorist Osama bin
 Laden. The Washington Post leads with the arrest of two suspects in
 the Tanzania embassy bombing case and the issuance of an arrest warrant for a
 third suspect in the Nairobi attack. The Los Angeles
 Times lead announces that the Asian financial crisis means real trouble
 for the U.S. economy.

            Citing a senior government official, the NYT reveals that last spring
 the CIA planned a raid to capture bin Laden in Afghanistan, but did not execute
 the mission for fear of heavy casualties. U.S. intelligence had evidence
 connecting bin Laden to numerous terrorist plots and had been tracking him with
 eaves-dropping and picture-taking satellites since 1996. Clinton's quick
 retaliation seems less bold considering U.S. intelligence felt a strike against
 bin Laden was justified prior to the Aug. 7 embassy bombings.

            The WP reports that officials have made the first two arrests in the
 Tanzania embassy bombing case and that a third suspect (two are already in
 custody) has been named in the Nairobi case. The "FBI's largest overseas
 investigation in history" has successfully pieced together the details of the
 bombings and now looks to uncover a vast terrorist conspiracy linked to bin
 Laden.

            The LAT says that Asian financial mayhem has gone global, and the
 real danger lies in the possibility of a global depression. The piece cites
 "analysts" who say that because Japan refuses to bite the bullet and make
 drastic efforts to stimulate its economy, the U.S. stands as the world's last
 hope of avoiding a "1930s-style depression that could continue for years."

            All three papers run front page articles on Mark McGwire's sixtieth home
 run. The numbers speak for themselves: in only 142 games, McGwire has reached
 sixty homers faster than both Maris and Ruth. The WP reports that St.
 Louis Cardinals' game balls now contain bar codes so that home run balls 60,
 61, and 62 can be verified.
