
   
   
      
         
            McGwire Stories

            The New York Times
 leads with Janet Reno's decision to launch an inquiry into whether or not
 during his 1996 re-election bid, President Clinton coordinated an "issue"
 advertising campaign that was in fact an improper attempt to circumvent federal
 limits on his own campaign ad budget. The story also gets major play on the
 Washington Post front, but is not on the Los Angeles
 Times front, and is just barely reefered at USA Today .
 The Post goes with President Clinton's attempts to marshal congressional
 support for the coming storm. The LAT leads with the Dow's biggest 1-day
 point gain ever, which is the off-lead at the WP , and is also fronted at
 USAT and the NYT . USAT gives over three-quarters of its
 front page to Mark McGwire's record-breaking 62nd home run, a story that also
 cops mega column-inchage at the LAT and NYT , but which is missing
 altogether--due to deadline constraints, no doubt--from the front of the first
 available edition of the WP . McGwire is widely quoted thanking his
 family, his son, the Cubs, and Sammy Sosa. The NYT reports that before
 the game, he rubbed Roger Maris' record-setting bat on his body.

            The NYT and the WP note that Reno's newest inquiry is the third different DOJ look at a
 White House operation initiated in the past two weeks. Although, notes the
 NYT , this one's more personal, naming Clinton as the principal subject.
 Reno has, explains the paper, reviewed the issue ad issue at least three times
 before, but each time stopped after an initial 30-day review. Both papers
 report what has been widely suggested in recent days--that a Federal Election
 Commission report helped persuade her to look again. And both report a White
 House lawyer's comment that the vexed ads were carefully previewed by lawyers.
 The WP entices with the tidbit that the Dole '96 campaign ads are also
 under review at Justice, but at an earlier stage of review. (Why isn't it as
 far along? The paper doesn't say.
