
   
   
      
         
            Un-Free Willy

            Everybody leads with Kenneth Starr's sudden delivery to Congress yesterday afternoon of his
 report claiming there is substantial evidence that President Clinton, in
 his behavior relating to his relationship with Monica Lewinsky, committed
 crimes that may be impeachable offenses. "The fate of the Clinton presidency,"
 says the Wall Street Journal , is now in Congress' hands. The
 headlines at the Los Angeles Times , USA Today ,
 and the New York Times
 all include the word "impeachment." The Washington Post front gives itself over most completely to
 the development, but its headlines omit the I-word. Perhaps quite by accident
 or perhaps with full subversive intent, a headline over another WP
 front-page story--about the return of a certain movie killer whale to the high
 seas--sends an ominous message, though: "A Whale of an Ending for 'Willy'".

            The WP and NYT speak somewhat vaguely of the report's
 allegations of perjury, obstruction of justice and abuse of power. USAT
 is more concrete, saying that according to a "lawyer with knowledge of the
 report," Starr's 445-page effort--shipped over with supporting documents in
 duplicate in 36 sealed boxes--flatly concludes that Clinton perjured himself
 twice, once in his Jones case deposition and once in his videotaped grand jury
 testimony. In addition, the paper says the report finds that Clinton's efforts
 to find Lewinsky a job were obstruction of justice. The LAT is also
 somewhat detailed, quoting "one legal source" (hmmm...wonder if he's A Lawyer
 With Knowledge Of The Report?) as agreeing that perjury is charged, and
 elaborating that the charge arises from Clinton's denial of sex with Lewinsky
 and for claiming he could not remember being alone with her except when she was
 delivering papers to him.

            The WSJ says the report also alleges that attempts by Vernon Jordan
 to find Lewinsky a job were aimed at keeping her silent. USAT says the
 Starr report sees no wrongdoing in Jordan's efforts.
