
   
   
      
         
            Raspberry Tomatoes; Cleaning Up the Voice
            

            ELLEN:

            I think you're on the horse-'n'-buggy side as far as genetically altered
 food goes. I suspect this will be a huge political issue within a few years,
 and five to ten years from now, after the boycotts and hoopla, we'll all be
 eating very strange (as we currently perceive it) foods. A tomato that's
 one-fifth raspberry. Steak with a peanut component, for that protein rush.
 Whatever. I don't think there's any fighting it. It took me a while to get used
 to waiting behind someone on line at the coffee shop near work who ordered a
 hazelnut-strawberry latte, decaf, with skim milk.

            The Bush "coke" story will be in the papers for a few more weeks. As this
 story has progressed during the day, in retrospect I think that instead of
 talking to the Dallas Morning News about not using drugs in the past
 seven years, thus passing an FBI test, he should've just kept to his original
 strategy: "Fuck you. I ain't playing your game." It'll be interesting to see
 what the White House is cooking up for the general election as far as Bush
 goes: that is, if Gore's the nominee. Deborah Orin wrote in today's New York
 Post that she puts Bradley's chances at two out of five. I think that's
 conservative, if you can believe it. Granted, I live in New York, but my many
 Democratic friends are all backing Bradley. And that's why I repeat that Gore
 is Clinton's last victim. People are just sick of the Clintons. Period. Yes,
 Gore's run a crummy campaign, but he's got a huge, horny monkey on his
 back.

            As for the Voice , don't make the trek to Woodstock: The design
 changes are minimal. Looks fine to me; just some tinkering with typefaces,
 feature designs, and column headings. Michael Musto now has a caricature of him
 with his column. Big deal. As usual, the hype in the Post on Tuesday was
 misleading, with the absurd headline "Village Voice Is Cleaning Up Its Act."
 Editor Don Forst was quoted as saying, "We felt we wanted to have a cleaner,
 more unified, more modern look.
