
   
   
      
         
            Dousing the Flames

            President Clinton's speech on the global economy leads all around.
 Lovey-dovey Bill-and-Hillary pix grace the tops at the Los Angeles
 Times and Washington Post . A lovey-dovey shot of Homeric rivals Sosa
 and McGwire does the same at USA Today . At the New York Times ,
 the spot goes to a shot of a post-speech Clinton at a fund-raiser, amid the
 cast of "The Lion King."

            
               USAT , the WP and NYT report that Clinton, in his speech
 in New York City to the Council on Foreign Relations, called the current
 situation "the biggest financial challenge facing the world in a
 half-century." The LAT says that Clinton spoke of trying to "douse
 the flames of the international financial crisis." The Post notes that
 this is a shift from Clinton's much more minimal assessment of the threat last
 fall. And indeed, USAT refers to the leading economies' "months of
 silence" about the crisis. The papers note that soon after the speech, the
 finance ministers and central bank heads of the G-7 countries issued a joint
 statement pledging to spur global growth and restore stability to the financial
 markets.

            With characteristic succinctness, USAT does something the others
 never quite do--spell out what the problem is: a third of the world is in
 recession, and this threatens the U.S. because overseas trade has accounted for
 30 percent of U.S. growth since 1993. The remedies Clinton advocated include,
 the papers report, Congress' replenishment of the IMF, and allowing the IMF to
 tap into an emergency line of credit. All but USAT also mention the
 response of lowering interest rates, to stimulate growth. The NYT says
 Clinton called for the world's leading economies to abandon their fear of
 inflation. The WP says such comments are being widely interpreted as
 hinting at the need for the Federal Reserve Board to lower interest rates. But
 the WP , NYT and LAT note that Clinton avoided the
 appearance of trying to dictate interest rate policy to the Fed.
