
   
   
      
         
            Vici, Veni, Video

            
               USA
 Today and the Los Angeles Times lead with congressional Republicans' push
 to release to the public the video of President Clinton's grand jury testimony.
 At the Washington Post , where the lead is local primary results,
 the video is the top national story. At the New York Times ,
 state and local election returns lead, and the top national story is further
 polling indicating that although the American people are increasingly dubious
 about Clinton's moral character, most still don't think he should be impeached
 or forced to resign.

            According to USAT , Republicans on the House Judiciary Committee--who
 are in the majority there--will vote either today or Thursday to make the video
 (and other evidence Ken Starr turned over) public. The paper explains that
 although grand jury testimony must be kept secret, Congress is not covered by
 that restriction. USAT says that release would mean the videotape could
 be airing on TV this weekend. (Last weekend, the book, this weekend, the movie.
 Next weekend--scratch and sniff?)

            The LAT lead stresses the rancor inside the committee the video has
 caused, calling Democrats "infuriated." The LAT , WP and a
 front-page NYT story cite Clinton's behavior on the tape as the reason
 for concern: there are times in his testimony when, says the LAT ,
 Clinton "reacted angrily," and is "visibly upset." The NYT says the
 president "even erupted at a couple of points" (Note to reader: Insert own joke
 here). He is also, says the NYT , shown repeatedly refusing to answer
 some questions. The Post quotes the assessment of a congressional aide
 familiar with the tape: "devastating."

            The WP says that censure is losing ground among Republican
 bigfeet--not a serious enough punishment, they say. And the LAT lead
 reports that at a meeting between Senate Democrats and White House staffers, at
 least one lawmaker said Clinton should consider resigning.
