
   
   
      
         
            Headline

            After Today's Papers: Summary Judgment wraps up the reviews of the reviews.
 The papers continue to show they're much more interested in Mondo Monica than
 the American people are--all the majors lead with some aspect of it. USAT and
 the LAT go with President Clinton's comments Wednesday at his first post-Report
 press conference that he still has the moral authority required to remain in
 office. The NYT goes with a story that led elsewhere yesterday--the imminent
 release of the Clinton grand jury videotape. The WP combines the two themes in
 its lead, running under the headline "Clinton Stresses Duties as House Plans
 Disclosure."

            
               USAT says that during his joint news conference with Czech President
 Vaclav Havel, Clinton "sidestepped" questions about whether he'd committed
 perjury. The LAT reports that most of the questions posed at the
 conference were about the Lewinsky scandal--including those from Czech
 journalists (the front-page NYT story on the press conference also
 observes this). The USAT account depicts a determined, fervent Clinton.
 The LAT sees political manipulation instead, calling Clinton's remarks
 "part of a determined effort by the White House to change the subject," and
 saying it was "stage-managed to put the President in the best possible light,"
 and also referring to Monday's speech on the global economy as "a carefully
 choreographed appearance." If USAT 's and the NYT 's quoting of
 Clinton saying, "I have never stopped leading this country in foreign affairs
 in this entire year, and I never will" makes the reader think of jut-jawed
 globalism, by the time the LAT gets around to the remark, the reader is
 half-way thinking it's actually a coded reference to some as yet undetected
 frolicking with exchange students. In noting that "Clinton offered no defense
 of his actions and voiced no protest as the House moved further down the track
 toward an impeachment inquiry," the WP story limns a third picture: of a
 man resigned to a process bigger than he is.
