
   
   
      
         
            Closed Doors (They're Made of Glass)

            The New York
 Times
               , 
               Washington Post
               , and Los Angeles Times lead
 with the news that, on Monday, Congress will release President Clinton's
 videotaped grand jury testimony and 2,800 pages of material gathered by Starr.
 The decision was made during a two-day "closed-door" session of the
 GOP-controlled House Judiciary Committee. Rep. Henry Hyde (the top Republican)
 and Rep. Barney Frank (the top Democrat) announced the decision at a press
 conference, after which the two traded partisan jabs. Frank accused Hyde of
 "unilateral bipartisanship". Hyde said Frank defines bipartisanship as
 Republicans caving in to Democrats.

            The session wasn't "closed-door" in any real sense, of course, since all
 three papers describe each and every point the committee discussed. Every
 article mentions the remarkable partisanship displayed behind those doors.
 Every article also interprets the furious GOP-Democratic sparring as a
 depressing harbinger.

            The committee's big dispute--other than whether to release--was over what to
 delete from the released materials. The NYT says the proposed deletions
 were of "sexually explicit material". The WP adds that some were about a
 cigar, while the LAT mentions the cigar and "detailed descriptions by
 Lewinsky of her orgasms". (In case you're interested: Republicans kept the
 cigar references, while Democrats managed to expurgate Lewinsky's orgasm
 musings.) None of the papers catches the irony of Republicans introducing
 sexual explicitness into the public sphere whilst Democrats fight to keep it
 out.

            The lead international story at the NYT and LAT is that
 Japanese political parties have agreed upon a financial recovery plan. Neither
 paper has much more to say, since details of the deal are not yet available.
 The WP 's internatioal lead says Bosnian elections didn't go the way
 Western officials had hoped.
