
   
   
      
         
            Let's Go to the Videotape

            The New York Times leads with a sneak preview of the videotaped
 testimony that Congress will make public on Monday morning. The Los Angeles
 Times ' lead national story says Kenneth Starr plans to continue his
 investigation and press for impeachment. The Washington Post leads with somewhat odd comments from the
 Japanese prime minister.

            The NYT lead describes what America will see on Monday morning when
 President Clinton's taped testimony is released. The article claims that
 Clinton "painted a picture of himself as a concerned and even tender friend to
 Monica Lewinsky." While Clinton "expressed embarrassment and regret about the
 affair," he also showed "flashes of fury" directed at Kenneth Starr and his
 prosecutors. Clinton refused to answer specific questions about sex acts,
 instead reading a prepared speech, the text of which the Times prints.
 In the speech, Clinton admits to having "inappropriate intimate contact" with
 Lewinsky and engaging in phone conversations that featured "inappropriate
 sexual banter." (Will 900-lines now advertise "phone banter" at $4.99 per
 minute?) The source for these leaks? "Lawyers with detailed knowledge of the
 proceedings." The NYT helpfully adds that the only lawyers at the
 proceedings were Clinton's attorneys and Starr's prosecutors. Hmmm.... A second
 front-page NYT story argues that the hateful rivalry between Clinton and
 Starr has led each to overstep and use poor judgment.

            The WP runs a front-page story on Hillary Clinton's lack of
 discernible reaction to the mess. Hillary has kept her schedule of appearances,
 and offered no statements and no sign of her inner feelings. A front-page
 LAT piece quotes several women complaining about Hillary's inaction. One
 says, "I have no problem with Mr. Clinton. I have a problem with Hillary
 Clinton not taking a stand on it." In a separate story, the LAT claims
 that Starr will continue his investigation in an effort to find further
 impeachable offenses.
