
   
   
      
         
            Merger and Settlement

            It's refreshing to be reminded every so often that there is still at least
 one thing that can put the brakes on our warp-drive news cycle--the three-day
 weekend. So what's news today is whatever could get done with reporters and
 editors off barbecuing in droves. The Washington Post goes clear across its top with the news that the
 attorney general of Mississippi, Michael Moore, who pioneered the idea of suing
 the tobacco companies to recoup state health expenditures, has reached a $170
 million settlement with them, one that goes into effect even if the proposed
 big national tobacco deal falls through. The Post reports that
 "Mississippi Gov. Kirk Fordice denounced the agreement as 'a dangerous
 precedent' that is 'about big bucks and big publicity.'"

            The New York Times puts
 the Mississippi tobacco story above the fold but leads instead with the
 announcement that Lockheed intends to buy a rival defense contractor,
 Northrup/Grumman. (The Post plays that story lower, but above its fold.)
 The Times describes the acquisition as part of a consolidation trend in
 the defense industry and says that the trend is encouraged by the Clinton
 administration, but never says why. The Los Angeles Times
 also leads with the story, and as might be expected, bemoans the likely closure
 of the L.A.-based Northrop/Grumman corporate headquarters, and possible local
 layoffs. The Post reviews the virtues of the various airplanes produced
 by Northrop, but can't seem to recall any actual accomplishment of the
 company's F-14 fighter, so instead merely describes it as "of 'TopGun' fame."
 The AP story about the deal in USA TODAY makes it clear that consolidation is good for
 business in all kinds of ways, explaining that if it falls through, Lockheed
 nonetheless collects a $200 million breakup fee.

            All these stories note that Northrop's stock price went up nearly 25 percent
 on the news, but none delves into the question of whether any of the major
 players in or out of government who affect defense procurement are Northrop
 stockholders.
