
   
   
      
         
            Presidential State of the Unit Address

            
               USA
 Today and the Washington Post lead with this morning's release of
 President Clinton's grand jury videotape. That story also runs on the Los Angeles
 Times front--where the lead is a California election story--but below
 the paper's survey of Monica Lewinsky's possible career moves (samples from
 various PR mavens: Go on Oprah, go on Barbara Walters, don't go on Howard
 Stern). The New York Times ,
 having yesterday led with the details of the tape that no one else had until
 today, instead goes with a close-up tick-tock of the Clinton administration's
 decision to attack that plant in Sudan last month.

            
               USAT says the White House is braced for the simultaneous release of
 both the Clinton tape and the transcript of Lewinsky's grand jury testimony,
 what it calls "a high-stakes version of 'he said, she said.'" The WP
 stresses White House Chief of Staff John Podesta's claim on "Meet The Press"
 (carried inside by the NYT ) that the tape's release will produce a
 backlash against the way Congress is pursuing the Lewinsky matter. USAT
 goes high with another "Meet the Press" suggestion--by Sen. John Kerry--that
 Clinton have a come-to-Jesus meeting with the House Judiciary Committee, but
 goes out of the story only saying that White House aides didn't reject Kerry's
 suggestion, whereas the LAT videotape story describes the White House
 reaction as "qualified support," quoting a spokesman as saying the idea is
 "certainly worth considering." The LAT , WP and NYT (in an
 inside story) quote Kerry's reasoning: "I believe the president would be well
 served to explain exactly what he did, exactly what he was thinking." Well no,
 not exactly. The LAT also mentions a new call for Clinton's resignation,
 from the newly crowned Miss America.

            The LAT says that the Lewinsky material contains graphic details from
 phone sex conversations between her and Clinton.
