
   
   
      
         
            Nut Cases

            Everybody leads with the Monica-related maneuverings taking place on Capitol
 Hill. The general consensus is that the public's support for President
 Clinton's remaining in office has withstood the airing of his grand jury
 testimony and indeed, has even grown a bit stronger. This has, report the
 papers, encouraged Democrats to seek a compromise outcome short of
 impeachment--say, having Clinton testify before the House Judiciary Committee
 with a guarantee that he wouldn't be removed from office, although perhaps
 censured and/or fined. The Washington Post reports that former White House
 counsel--and Washington Wise Man--Lloyd Cutler has been working the Hill for a
 censure deal as an unofficial Clinton rep.

            But Judiciary chairman Henry Hyde is quoted by USA Today and
 the New York Times
 saying that talk of such a deal is "very premature." Hyde expects a committee
 vote recommending impeachment hearings to come in early October, with the
 hearings beginning after the November election. The NYT explains the
 politics of that schedule: it would allow Republicans to avoid looking too soft
 or too hard on the president before the elections, while still forcing
 Democrats to cast a pre-election vote on Clinton's fate.

            The papers report that as part of its anti-impeachment lobbying, the White
 House legal team went on the offensive yesterday, writing a letter to Hyde
 accusing Ken Starr of deliberately leaving exculpatory statements he'd turned
 up out of the formal report he tendered to Congress. "Ultimately, we just got
 the sex," a presidential advisor is quoted in the LAT. Exhibit A of something
 in evidence but not in the report is Lewinsky's statement to the grand jury
 that "no one ever asked me to lie and I was never promised a job for my
 silence." The LAT notes, referring to the Starr office's response, that
 when this statement was paraphrased in the report the modifier "explicitly" was
 added.
