
   
   
      
         
            "Full-Service" Chatterdump

            
               HOW LONG can famed D.C.-Hollywood-N.Y. beauty Patricia Duff--former
 spouse of movie executive Mike Medavoy and Revlon tycoon Ronald Perelman--stay
 out of the Clinterngate mess? In Hit and Run , their highly-regarded
 expose of the early-'90s Sony studio debacle, Nancy Griffin and Kim Masters
 report as follows: "At a dinner party at a producer's home, which took place
 after [Patricia] and Mike had slept in the Lincoln Bedroom, she told thePatricia later said she
 gathering that Clinton was 'a full-service president.' 
 meant to refer only to Clinton's hospitality, but her listeners didn't
 interpret the remark that way." ...

            
               AN EMERGING DEFENSE of Clinton is that Linda Tripp's evidence is
 somehow tainted because she's been out to get the president all along. But if
 she were really out to get him, why would she have contradicted Kathleen
 Willey's reported story that she (Willey) did not welcome Clinton's advances?
 Tripp told Newsweek that Willey did not seem upset at the time, but
 instead looked "flustered, happy and joyful." Certainly it would be more
 damaging to Clinton if Tripp said Willey was distraught and angry, an obvious
 victim of harassment. ... Also, why would Tripp, in order to get Clinton to
 settle the Paula Jones lawsuit, have urged Lewinsky to tell Clinton that she
 (Lewinsky) had been blabbing about their sexual encounters? Tipping Clinton off
 would only help the president. Settling the Jones case would have helped him
 too (avoiding the whole perjury issue). But it would also have gotten Tripp out
 of testifying (and contradicting Lewinsky). Maybe Tripp is telling the truth
 when she says she was really terrified of having to testify, not hell-bent on
 destroying Clinton. ...

            
               WE LOVE HIM WHEN HE'S ANGRY: Is Chatterbox alone in feeling that
 Clinton's State of the Union address was actually much more forceful because
 the president seemed a little tense and pissed off--not doing his usual
 ingratiating, good humored sales job.
