
   
   
      
         
            More Money! New Money!

            Today's leads splay in all directions. USA Today goes with the rampage of Hurricane Georges
 through the Caribbean. Nearly 200 people are dead, and the powerful storm is
 now headed for the Florida Keys. A four-column Washington Post lead reports that lawyers for President
 Clinton and Paula Jones are negotiating for a financial settlement of Jones'
 sexual harassment suit which is now on appeal. The New York
 Times leads with favorable new polls for the Clinton camp: A
 NYT /CBS poll shows that the President's approval ratings have risen
 since the release of his videotaped grand jury testimony. A backlash may be in
 the works against Republicans who favored releasing the tape. (A different poll
 analyzed on USAT 's front reaches similar conclusions: Just 29% of voters
 now would opt for Clinton's removal, down from 35% last Sunday.)

            The Los
 Angeles Times leads with the bill passed Thursday by the House that
 would grant temporary visas to up to 142,500 additional foreign workers with
 high-tech skills. This bill, which would be effective during the next three
 years, has particular relevance for Silicon Valley and technology firms based
 in the west. The Clinton administration, citing the need to protect domestic
 labor, worked several compromises into the bill, including a provision which
 diverts a portion of the visa revenues to funds to aid U.S. workers. The
 measure is expected to be passed by the Senate and signed into law.

            The WP 's lead cites "sources familiar with the situation" on the
 Paula Jones lawsuit as saying that Clinton and Jones lawyers have discussed a
 settlement "in the range that the two sides contemplated during past
 negotiations"--i.e. between $700,000 and $900,000. The NYT , which also
 fronts the story, gets much more specific. Citing the lawyers themselves as
 sources, the Times reports that Jones' lawyers initiated the discussion
 last week and proposed a $1 million settlement.
