
   
   
      
         
            Government Shutdown? No, Government Shut Up!

            The Washington Post leads with yesterday's partisan
 spitballs: President Clinton declared that congressional Republicans are so
 scandal-frenzied that that they haven't yet passed the appropriations measures
 necessary to start the new fiscal year. Republicans immediately issued
 retaliatory fire. The New York
 Times leads with a Census Bureau report that the ranks of Americans
 without health insurance swelled by 1.7 million last year. The Los Angeles
 Times leads with Hurricane Georges' 100mph whirl through the Florida
 Keys, a story also carried on the WP and NYT fronts. Despite 300
 deaths in the Caribbean, no casualties have yet been reported in Florida.

            The NYT lead says that 16.1% of Americans (43.4 million people) are
 uninsured, the highest number since 1992. The number of poor who are uninsured
 held steady, while the middle class suffered a hit. This development is
 surprising, the Times notes, because the economy is so robust. Among the
 possible explanations for the trend: Fewer people are on welfare, which is an
 automatic gateway to Medicaid coverage; small businesses, which dominate the
 new-job sector, often do not provide health insurance; and costs associated
 with health care and health insurance are increasing.

            The WP lead (mirrored in a NYT front-page article) reports
 that an "invigorated" Clinton averted a federal shutdown--the new fiscal year
 starts next week--by signing a temporary funding measure Friday. Clinton used
 the opportunity to castigate Congress for putting "partisanship over progress,
 politics over people" and dallying on important issues. Senate Majority Leader
 Trent Lott quarterbacked the Republican counter-attack, calling Clinton's
 remarks a "gratuitous slap" from the "Fundraiser-in-Chief," a reference to
 Clinton's imminent departure for a three-day fundraising trip.

            Acrimony spewed fast and fierce yesterday.
