
   
   
      
         
            Third Way, Twice Tony

            The New York Times and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with the House's passage of an $80 billion tax cut package
 which is unlikely to pass the Senate or be approved by President Clinton. The
 Washington Post runs the tax-cut story below the fold and
 leads instead with an extraordinary first-person epic that recounts a harrowing
 500-mile trek through Taliban country.

            The tax-cut measure, approved by a 229-195 vote, is opposed by most
 Democrats, who are concerned that it would cut into the surplus set aside for
 social security. "I insist that we reserve the entire surplus until we have
 seized this historic opportunity to save social security," President Clinton
 commented from California. The NYT and LAT , picking up on
 Republicans' arguments, detect possible hypocrisy in Clinton's position: the
 President has previously sought to dip into the budget surplus to fund, among
 other things, the peacekeeping mission in Bosnia, increased embassy security,
 and farm relief. House Speaker Newt Gingrich used the Saturday session to point
 out that Congress is working on real issues. "We are not in California on a
 fund-raiser," Gingrich pointedly remarked.

            The WP 's lead leaves the impression that the Afghan people resent
 many of the Taliban's practices, particularly the mandatory veils for women and
 the ban on music. Girls, officially forbidden to attend school, are often
 covertly educated at home by their parents. The article also showcases
 Afghanistan's devastation: Roads are still pockmarked with "jagged craters
 gouged by Russian bombs and anti-tank mines," and refugees from the Taliban's
 sweep struggle to survive in malaria-infested camps.

            The LAT front page carries a long historical narrative about the
 U.S.'s deliberations, in the early- to mid-1960s, over whether to bomb China to
 derail its development of nuclear weapons. The article's main source is newly
 released State Department documents about U.
