
   
   
      
         
            German Kohl Cuts

            The Los
 Angeles Times and New York Times
 lead with the German election results, in which Gerhard Schroeder defeated
 16-year chancellor Helmut Kohl, a story that makes everybody's front. USA Today
 leads with the Gulf Coast arrival of Hurricane Georges. The big concern, says
 USAT , is the flooding that is likely when the storm hits New Orleans,
 where tens of thousands of residents have taken shelter in such locales as the
 Superdome and the convention center. The Washington Post leads with Mark McGwire's final total of 70
 home runs, achieved via his second straight two-HR game, a story that gets
 top-of-the-page-with-picture coverage everywhere.

            The LAT says that "Schroeder's policies differ little from those of
 Kohl--and his election expressed a hunger for a new face more than a new
 direction." The NYT sees a bigger difference, saying that while Kohl campaigned on
 Germany's rise from Nazism and its role in Europe, Schroeder talked about jobs.
 The paper says that strategy worked because Germans are "tired of history
 lessons" and concerned that their society is fraying. The WP cites both
 the "new face" and unemployment angles.

            Schroeder's Social Democratic Party polled 41 percent of the vote, but will
 still need, note the papers, to enter into a coalition with another party in
 parliament to rule Germany. One possibility mentioned is that the SDP will hook
 up with the left-leaning/enviro Greens. Both Times mention that the
 Greens have long opposed the current NATO set-up. The LAT adds that any
 such coalition would have to worry about radical Greens bolting. Another
 development: the successor to the Communist Party gained parliamentary strength
 in the vote. The LAT says the numbers are such that Schroeder doesn't
 have to enter an alliance with the neo-Communists. The NYT says he has
 promised not to. There is one other recurring difference in the papers' Germany
 coverage: all but the NYT render the winner's name "Schroeder," while
 the Ochs Sulzberger bund foregoes that "oe" for an "o" under an umlaut.
