
   
   
      
         
            Chase to the Cut

            Everybody leads with Tuesday's widely anticipated Federal Reserve interest
 rate cut. The headlines at USA Today , the Los Angeles
 Times and the New York
 Times indicate that the move was taken to protect the U.S. economy from
 the global troubles. The headline over the Wall Street Journal front-pager on the cut doesn't say why
 it was made but the story immediately mentions concerns about how weaknesses in
 foreign economies might affect our own. The Washington Post headline says the move was meant to help
 ("quiet") overseas markets.

            The Fed dropped the fed funds rate--what banks charge each other for
 overnight loans--from 5.5 percent to 5.25 percent--but, contrary to some
 expectations, left the discount rate it charges banks for loans at 5 percent.
 Although all the papers have, as usual, no problem finding some experts to
 foresee up trends on rates and some to foresee down ones, their lines on the
 interest rate future shake out this way: the LAT suggests in its third
 paragraph further rate reductions of up to a full percentage point;
 USAT , in its sixth paragraph, quotes an economist saying there's no
 indication of another Fed move anytime soon; in its sixth paragraph, the
 Post says the narrow language of the Fed announcement strongly indicates
 this also. The NYT holds off its initial rate forecast until the
 twenty-third paragraph, a comment that many analysts think further reductions
 are likely. All the papers except the WSJ tend to suggest that rates are
 driven by Fed policy. Characteristically, the ever-market-oriented
 Journal stresses that the Fed's action had already been anticipated by
 long-term bonds with yields at thirty-year lows.

            The WP off-lead is a strongly reported effort towards a scary
 conclusion: the Iraqis are surprisingly close to having A-bombs.
 (Surely this should have been the lead story!) According to the story, UN arms
 inspectors reported twice to U.
