
   
   
      
         
            Credit in the Cards?

            The New York Times and the Los Angeles
 Times lead with Saturday's meeting in Washington of the Group of Seven
 industrial nations. The Washington Post leads with next year's planned exodus of 33
 HMOs from Medicare.

            The G-7 meeting resulted in a statement--described in the NYT 's
 second paragraph as a "vaguely worded communiqu,"--which cites the world's
 worsening financial problems and recommends "exploring" President Clinton's
 call for extending emergency lines of credit to emerging nations buffeted by
 financial troubles. France and England have voiced support for Clinton's
 proposal, but Germany and Japan maintain reservations. The WP 's inside
 article on the subject highlights Japan as the G-7 meeting's focus. After
 Japan's Finance Minister met with Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin in the
 morning, Japan unveiled its own $30 billion aid package for Asia. The Clinton
 administration immediately criticized it as not addressing Japan's more
 fundamental need for bank restructuring--to which the Japanese Finance Minister
 shot back that the U.S. plan will never lift off unless a reluctant House
 approves $18 billion for the International Monetary Fund.

            The WP lead, a national story with a local focus, says that 33 HMOs
 will leave Medicare early next year because they are not recovering their
 costs. (Thirty-one other HMOs are withdrawing in selected areas.) This
 development will force almost 250,000 patients nationwide either to enroll in a
 different Medicare-covered HMO, or to switch to a standard, more expensive
 Medicare plan. Yet even as so many HMOs pull out of Medicare, there are
 concurrently 25 HMOs hoping to expand their Medicare involvement and still more
 HMOs with applications pending.

            A WP front-pager explores the tangled web of geopolitical
 relationships around Azerbaijan's massive oil reserves (which could potentially
 produce 3 million barrels of oil a day).
